{
  "target_material": "Al2O3–Ta2O5 nanolaminate",
  "process_type": "Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD)",
  "main_precursors": ["Al(CH3)3", "TaCl5", "water"],
  "temperature_range": "300 /C176C",
  "summary": "Al2O3–Ta2O5 nanolaminate films were prepared via atomic layer deposition (ALD) on silicon with a fixed overall composition and thickness but varying number of Al2O3/Ta2O5 bilayers. The study investigated the impact of bilayer thickness and number on electrical properties, including leakage current, breakdown, hysteresis, and dielectric constant. Annealing at different temperatures affected these properties, with lower temperatures improving leakage and breakdown while higher temperatures increased the effective dielectric constant. The results showed that varying the number of bilayers could tailor the electrical properties of the nanolaminate dielectric.",
  "evidence": "Al2O3–Ta2O5 nanolaminate films were prepared via atomic layer deposition (ALD) on silicon with a single overall composition and thickness, but with a varying number of Al2O3/Ta2O5 bilayers. The composition of the films was roughly 57% Al2O3 and 43% Ta2O5 and the total film thickness was held at /C24 58 nm, while the number of bilayers was varied from /C24 19.2 nm to /C24 0.3 nm. Varying the number of bilayers was found to impact electrical properties. Although, almost all laminate films exhibited leakage, breakdown, hysteresis, and overall dielectric constant intermediate between pure Al2O3 and Ta2O5 films, laminates with few bilayers exhibited leakage current density lower than Al2O3 over the range of /C24 3.5–4.5 MV/cm. Select samples annealed at temperatures from 400 to 900 /C176C were compared with as-deposited laminates. Annealing the laminate films at low temperatures improved leakage and breakdown while higher temperature anneals degraded both leakage and breakdown but improved the effective dielectric constant. A figure of merit was used to evaluate the overall ability of the various films to store charge. It was found that the few bilayer laminates were ranked higher than the many bilayer laminates as well as above both the pure Ta2O5 and pure Al2O3 films. These results indicate that even for a fixed overall composition, the electrical properties of a nanolaminate can be adjusted by varying the number of bilayers."
}<|im_end|>