{
  "reaction_equations": [
    "Zn(CH2CH3)2(g) + H2O(g) f ZnO(s) + 2C2H6(g)"
  ],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The growth mechanism is more similar to a Volmer-Weber type, instead of the Frank-Van der Merwe epitaxial growth which is usually observed for typical ALD processes. Water tends to form droplets on the hydrophobic surface of PS substrates. These water droplets act as reactive centers for the incoming DEZ. Reaction yields ZnO islands whose concentration reflects that of the initial water droplets. The following cycles resulted in the growth of extended grains that are formed by aggregation of ZnO islands.",
  "intermediate_species": [
    "ZnO islands"
  ],
  "evidence": "The second factor to be pointed out is that the morphology of coatings is essentially due to the chemical reactions occurring when precursors interact at the substrate surface. In general, smooth, conformal coatings can be obtained if the PS surface is made hydrophilic and functionalized with sites for the covalent coupling of the precursors. This can be achieved by chemical functionalization, for example with carboxylic groups, as reported by Scharrer et al. 6 In the present case, on the contrary, the inherent hydrophobic character of PS is a key factor for generating ZnO nanocrystalline aggregates. ZnO deposition occurs through this reaction Zn(CH2CH3)2(g) + H2O(g) f ZnO(s) + 2C2H6(g). Several works confirmed the role played by the surface -OH groups in mediating the ALD growth. 7 Water tends to form droplets on the hydrophobic surface of PS substrates. Thus the PS spheres cannot be completely wet, but are decorated by droplets that are densely distributed on the surface. These water droplets act as reactive centers for the incoming DEZ. Reaction yields ZnO islands whose concentration reflects that of the initial water droplets. Thus, the growth mechanism is more similar to a Volmer-Weber type, instead of the Frank-Van der Merwe epitaxial growth which is usually observed for typical ALD processes. This situation was confirmed by directly observing the first stage of nucleation (see the Supporting Information). The following cycles resulted in the growth of extended grains that are formed by aggregation of ZnO islands."
}<|im_end|>