{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Angle-lap measurements",
    "Surface profilometry",
    "Photoluminescence (PL) emission energy",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Profilometry"
  ],
  "evidence": "Epitaxial layer thickness measurements of the GaAs quantum wells are made by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) analysis of the freshly cleaved single crystal corner and photoluminescence emission energy from the individual wells. Analysis of ALE AlAs films was performed by cleaved corner TEM, SEM and angle-lap measurements of thicker layers. The data of Figures 1 and 2 suggest that although surface reactions may dominate the growth rate, gas phase reaction likely play a role in the III deposition step. The growth rate of GaAs under these excitation conditions is shown as a function of the TMGa flux in Fig. 4. The data of Figures 1 and 2 suggest that although surface reactions may dominate the growth rate, gas phase reaction likely play a role in the III deposition step. The data showing the dependence of growth rate upon TMGa flow is shown in Fig.3. The data of Figures 1 and 2 suggest that although surface reactions may dominate the growth rate, gas phase reaction likely play a role in the III deposition step. The growth rate of GaAs under these excitation conditions is shown as a function of the TMGa flux in Fig. 4. The data of Figures 1 and 2 suggest that although surface reactions may dominate the growth rate, gas phase reaction likely play a role in the III deposition step. The data showing the dependence of growth rate upon TMGa flow is shown in Fig.3. The data of Figures 1 and 2 suggest that although surface reactions may dominate the growth rate, gas phase reaction likely play a role in the III deposition step. The growth rate of GaAs under these excitation conditions is shown as a function of the TMGa flux in Fig. 4. The data of Figures 1 and 2 suggest that although surface reactions may dominate the growth rate, gas phase reaction likely play a role in the III deposition step. The data showing the dependence of growth rate upon TMGa flow is shown in Fig.3."
}<|im_end|>