{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "High Resolution Transmission Electron Microscopy (HRTEM)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Reflectivity",
    "Cross-sectional HRTEM",
    "XPS (with Al Kα x-ray source)",
    "Ar+ Sputtering",
    "Current-Voltage (I-V) measurements",
    "Capacitance-Voltage (C-V) measurements",
    "Angle-resolved XPS"
  ],
  "evidence": "The interfacial structure of the MBE grown HfO2 on Si (100) was atomically abrupt. 2 The commonly seen interfacial layers such as SiO2 and Hf silicate by other growth techniques are virtually absent. The thickness of the composite oxide film was measured using ellipsometry, x-ray reflectivity, and cross sectional HRTEM. The chemical bonding structure at the oxide/Si interface was investigated by XPS using Al Kα x-ray source to detect possible existence of interfacial SiO2 or silicate. The depth-profile measurements were achieved by Ar+ sputtering at a primary energy of 1 – 1.5 keV. The current-voltage (I-V) and capacitance-voltage (C-V) characteristics of the composite metal-oxide-semiconductor capacitors were measured using Agilent 4156C and 4284. The photoelectrons were detected at the take-off angle of 53° with respect to the surface normal. The C-V curves were fitted using the NCSU CVC program3 to determine the EOT with the correction of quantum mechanical effects. The Si 2p core level spectrum shown in Fig. 1, there are no signatures of SiO2 present at 103.4 eV in both pure MBE Al2O3 and ALD+ MBE composite Al2O3 films. The cross sectional HRTEM image (inset of Fig. 1) shows that the film is uniform and smooth with a sharp interface between silicon and Al2O3. The boundary between the MBE and ALD grown Al2O3 layers was not detected by HRTEM and XPS. The C-V and J-E curves in Fig. 2 and in its inset are electrical measurements on the as-deposited Al2O3 (ALD)/Al2O3 (MBE) composite film. The ideal C-V modeling curve shown in Fig. 3 was performed to fit the experimental data of the as-deposited Al2O3 (ALD)/Al2O3 (MBE) composite film measured at 100 kHz. The EOT value with quantum mechanical corrections was estimated to be 1.41 nm from the modeling curve. Using the data of equivalent parallel conductance loss (Gp) versus frequency in the inset of Fig. 3, the interfacial trap density (Dit) was calculated from the conductance method4 and estimated to be 2.2 × 1011 cm−2 eV−1. The C-V characteristics of the Al2O3 (ALD)/Al2O3 (MBE) composite film from Fig. 1 with flatband voltage of −0.6 V. The inset shows the J-E curves after forming gas anneals at various temperatures. The experimental C-V data measured at 100 kHz with an ideal C-V curve modeling of the Al2O3 (MBE)/Al2O3 (ALD) composite film. The inset shows (Gp) vs frequency curve at different gate voltages."
}