{
 "characterization_methods": [
   "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
   "cross sectional transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
   "atomic force microscope (AFM)",
   "scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
   "field emission SEM",
   "ellipsometry",
   "X-ray reflectivity",
   "quartz crystal microbalance (QCM)",
   "resonance frequency measurement",
   "tribological testing",
   "optical microscopy",
   "surface topography analysis"
 ],
 "evidence": "As shown in the x-ray diffraction (XRD) pattern in figure 2(a), the SiC(111) phase predominates for thin films grown on Si(100) under these conditions. The cross sectional transmission electron microscopy (TEM) image (figure 2(b)) of the corresponding thin film exhibits columnar microstructure and extensive twinning characteristic of low temperature SiC overlayers. The elastic modulus of the deposited SiC thin film is estimated to be ∼370 GPa, a value in good agreement with other estimates for the elastic modulus of thin film SiC. The resonance frequency of a lateral comb drive resonator shown in figure3 is increased after the addition of a 35 nm thick SiC overlayer on the device. The SiC coating was grown using the 1,3-disilabutane CVD process described previously and was estimated to be 40–50 nm in thickness for the friction tests. The SiC coated device exhibits dramatically improved wear resistance after about 1 × 10 cycles. The sidewall coefficient of static friction is decreased from 2.1 for the uncoated polySi device to below 0.3 with the SiC coated device. The topology of the coated and uncoated beams after cycling is shown in figure 5. A cross sectional electron microscopy image of a W coated polySi microstructure is shown in figure 6(a). The elastic modulus for the SiC overlayer of ∼360 GPa. The coated cantilevers were exposed to hot potassium hydroxide solution (an aggressive Si etchant) for up to 6 min and showed a minimal decrease in resonance frequency of ∼2%, compared with uncoated Si cantilevers whose resonance frequency decreased by over 60% with the same exposure time. A scanning electron micrographs showing (a) a cross section of a 10 nm thick conformal W coating on a polySi microstructure and (b) uncoated and W coated polySi gears. The uncoated gear shows wear debris (indicated by the arrows) after 1 million cycles while the W coated gear shows no indication of wear after 1 billion stress cycles. The gear diameter is 76 µm. The AB reaction sequence for ZnO ALD is as follows: ZnOH∗ + Zn(CH2CH3)∗2 → ZnOZn(CH2CH3)∗ + CH3CH3, (2a) Zn(CH2CH3)∗ + H2O → ZnOH∗ + CH3CH3. (2b) The growth rate for pure ZnO ALD is 2.0 Å/cycle as determined with an in situ QCM. A typical AB cycle takes 28 s. In a specific study, Al2O3/ZnO ALD alloy thin films were investigated on gold capacitive RF MEMS switches. The capacitive RF MEMS shunt switches were fabricated on an r-plane sapphire (0112) substrate. The switch comprised the bottom gold electrode separated by a 3.0µm gap from the top 0.7 µm thick Au electrode. Following fabrication, the devices were conformally coated with 76 nm of an ALD Al2O3/ZnO alloy forming the dielectric layer on both the top and bottom electrodes. Mechanical behaviour of the switches showed that the predicted pull-down voltages for the devices without ALD were in excellent agreement with the experimental results. The predicted values for the devices with an ALD dielectric layer, however, were significantly lower than the experimental values. The discrepancy was found due to the residual stresses in the ALD film and thermal annealing of the gold during ALD deposition. The pull-down voltages of the devices can be reduced using a thinner dielectric film or by depositing and patterning the film only on the bottom electrode, leaving the top movable electrode ALD film free. The lifetime of a RF MEMS device can be evaluated by actuating the switch until failure. Switch cycles to failure were measured using a 10 dBm, 10 GHz continuous wave signal with a bipolar actuation voltage of 25–55 V. Testing of unpackaged devices under laboratory conditions showed lifetimes of 400 million cycles using 50/50 Al2O3/ZnO ALD alloy films, with ultimate device failure resulting from moisture-induced stiction and particulate contamination, not dielectric charging. The insertion loss and isolation for the switches was typically <0.35 dB and >25 dB, respectively, over a 10–25 GHz frequency range. These lifetime results and RF performance seem promising but require further study to bring the devices beyond billion cycles (perhaps even trillion) as required by some RF applications."
}<|im_end|>