{
  "target_material": "amorphous tin-gallium oxide (a-SGO)",
  "process_type": "thermal ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["tetrakis(dimethylamino) tin(IV) [DMA4Sn]", "tris(dimethylamino) gallium(III) [DMA3Ga]", "water"],
  "temperature_range": "105 –195 °C",
  "summary": "The study describes a low-temperature atomic layer deposition (ALD) process for growing amorphous tin-gallium oxide (a-SGO) films using dimethylamino-metal complexes and water. The process is evaluated for deposition temperatures in the range of 105–195 °C, with ideal-like behavior observed at 175 °C. The films are amorphous, homogeneous, and have moderate impurity levels. The optical bandgap can be tuned by varying the metal cation ratio and deposition temperature, making a-SGO a promising candidate for electron transport layers in solar cells.",
  "evidence": "A wide range of applications beneﬁt from transparent semiconducting oxides with tunable electronic properties, for example, electron transport layers in solar cell devices, where the electron afﬁnity is a key parameter. Presently, a few different ternary oxides are used for this purpose, but the attainable electron afﬁnity range is typically limited. In this study, the authors develop a low-temperature atomic layer deposition (ALD) process to grow amorphous Sn1–xGaxOy thin ﬁlms from dimethylamino-metal complexes and water. This oxide is predicted to provide a wide selection of possible electron afﬁnity values, from around 3 eV for pure Ga2O3 to 4.5 eV for pure SnO2. The ALD process is evaluated for deposition temperatures in the range of 105 –195 °C by in situ quartz crystal microbalance and with ex situ ﬁlm characterization. The growth exhibits an ideal-like behavior at 175 °C, where the ﬁlm composition can be predicted by a simple rule of mixture. Depending on ﬁlm composition, the growth per cycle varies in the range of 0.6 –0.8 Å at this temperature. Furthermore, the ﬁlm composition for a given process appears insensitive to the deposition temperature. From material characterization, it is shown that the deposited ﬁlms are highly resistive, fully amorphous, and homogeneous, with moderate levels of impurities (carbon, nitrogen, and hydrogen). By tailoring the metal cation ratio in ﬁlms grown at 175 °C, the optical bandgap can be varied in the range from 2.7 eV for SnO2 to above 4.2 eV for Ga2O3. The bandgap also varies signiﬁcantly as a function of deposition temperature. This control of properties indicates that Sn1–xGaxOy is a promising candidate for an electron transport layer material in a wide electron afﬁnity range."
}<|im_end|>