{
  "film_thickness_nm": 10,
  "density_g_cm3": null,
  "refractive_index": "1.64 at 633 nm",
  "surface_roughness_nm": null,
  "crystal_phase": "Amorphous",
  "evidence": "The MoO x ﬁlm thickness determined by spectral ellipsometry, plotted over the number of performed ALD cycles for the 1-second and 2-second O 2 plasma processes, is shown. A very similar linear increase in layer thickness with number of cycles is found for both processes. The 1-second O 2 plasma duration, the sub-band-gap absorption is more pronounced and less wide (Fig. 5). X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was used to identify the core level binding energies and oxidation states of the MoO x layers. The spectra of the ﬁlms on silicon show characteristic peaks for the oxygen molybdenum. Beside a small carbon peak from surface contamination, no additional peaks can be found in the survey spectra (not shown). In Fig. 6, very similar spectra for all processes can be found in the Mo3 d doublet region. Two peaks are observed at 232.5 and 235.6 eV, which correspond to the Mo 3 d5=2 and Mo 3 d3=2, respectively. This values are consistent with reported values for the Mo oxidation state of 6 ? in literature (232.3–232.6 eV for the Mo 3 d5=2 and 235.4–235.7 eV for the Mo 3 d3=2). A clear difference can be found in the O 1s energy region in Fig. 7. While all measurements show a similar O 1s peak at 530.3 eV, a second oxygen-related peak at higher binding energies can be found in the spectra. In the 1-second O 2 process spectrum, this peak at 531.3 eV is less pronounced, compared with the spectra of 2-second O 2 processes, in which this peak is located at slightly higher binding energies at 531.8 eV. The performance of the different MoO x processes is tested for 10- and 20-nm-thick oxide layers in SHJ solar cells. The cell results (compare Fig. 8) show significant differences mainly in the open-circuit voltage. While the oxides grown in the 2-second O 2 plasma processes reach best VOC values above 610 mV up to 650 mV, the best VOC values reach by the oxides grown in the 1-second O 2 plasma processes are below 580 mV. It is worth to mention that the low open-circuit voltages in these cells are not limited by enhanced surface recombination. From lifetime measurements of the samples after ITO sputtering and post-anneal (not shown), a quasi-Fermi level splitting at 1 sun (often called implied VOC) well above 700 mV could be measured for all samples. Both processes without Ar plasma step tend to slightly lower open-circuit voltages for thicker oxide layer. Cells with MoO x layers grown in a process with Ar plasma step show an opposite trend. The parasitic absorption in the thin oxides is not the only optical loss, shadowing of the ITO itself, as well as differences in the reflection of the front side stacks are also limiting the current. Therefore, the cells with thin (10 nm) oxide layers show very similar currents. A loss in current by doubling the oxide thickness can be seen in all produced cells. As expected the 1-s O 2 plasma processed MoO x layers show the highest optical lose, by doubling the layer thickness, above 1 :3m Ac m/C0 2. Although the extinction coefficient, determined by spectral ellipsometry on as-deposited oxide layers, is slightly higher for the MoO x process with Ar plasma step, the short-circuit currents do not reflect such tendencies. This could indicate that the ITO sputtering step and the post-deposition anneal determine the optical properties of the MoO x layers. The fill factors and efficiencies of all cells are limited by differently strongly pronounced s-shape in the bright IV curves (compare Figs. 10, 11). Bataglia et al. [ 3] have reported similar 's-shape' feature, more pronounced for thicker evaporate MoO x layers of SHJ solar cells with MoO x emitter. Same tendencies can be found here for cells with MoOx layers grown in PE-ALD process without additional Ar plasma step. One possible reason for such shape could be the existence of a large barrier for hole transport in SHJ solar cells with sufficient front surface passivation [ 13]. At first sight, it seems plausible to assume that an insufficient hole transport through the MoO x layers itself is the dominating part of such barrier in the produced cells. The decrease in fill factor for thicker oxide layer seems to support this idea. Anyhow, MoO x layers grown in PE-ALD process with additional Ar plasma step do not show such dependency. On the other hand, the valence band offset on the a-Si:H/c-Si interface could be the dominating part of the barrier, if a tunneling process of holes through this offset is dominating the current a wider barrier leads to a more pronounced s-shape. The width of such barrier is EF ITO MoOx(i)a-Si Si EL EV EF ITO MoOx(i)a-Si Si EL EV Fig. 9 Sketch illustrating differences in MoO x induced dark band bending above: high work function MoO x, below: low work function MoOx −0.20 0 .20 .40 .60 .8 −30 −20 −10 voltage (V) current density( mA cm−2) 10.6% 2 second O2 10.4% 2 second O2 &A r 7.3% 1 second O2 Fig. 10 Bright IV curves of SHJ cells with 10 nm MoO x Plasma-enhanced atomic-layer-deposited MoO x emitters for silicon heterojunction solar cells 815 It is known that work function in sub-stoichiometric molybdenum oxide ðx\3Þ decrease by the removal of oxygen [ 14]. Although all as-deposited oxides are over-stoichiometric, we speculate that the ITO sputter step and the post-deposition anneal can reduce the oxygen content in the MoO x layers during the cell process. It might be somehow plausible that after these reductions the MoO x layers with initial less oxygen still have a lower content and therefore a lower work function compared to layers with higher initial oxygen content. Such an effect would explain the high decrease in VOC and fill factor seen in cells with MoOx layers grown the 1-second O 2 PE-ALD process, with lower initial oxygen content."
}<|im_end|>