{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The TMG-surface reaction is much more complex. A comparison of 36 and 39 (see A~) shows that most of the c/d(4 x 4)-like dimers are unaffected by initial exposure to TMG. In view of previous work by Yu and coworkers on the (2 x 4) reconstruction, this result is surprising. The Yu et al. data showed that the (2 x 4) surface cracks TMG into MMG and two CH3 radicals that attach themselves to the nearest As. However, a global reaction of this type would destroy all c/d(4 x 4)-like dimers, leading to large RD changes that are not observed. Instead, after a 1 s incubation period these dimers begin to vanish at a steady rate that depends on the partial pressure of TMG in the ambient (occupancy effects) via a chemisorption enthalpy and decomposition barrier of -26 and 39 kcalmol-1 respectively, as established by an earlier investigation of the kinetics of the interaction of TMG with this surface. Spectra 50 and 62 indicate that these dimers are being replaced by As dimers oriented along [110], i.e. that the original two or more outer layers of As are becoming one. This is a logical consequence of deposited Ga atoms finding their thermodynamically preferred lattice sites through local bonding rearrangements.",
  "intermediate_species": ["monomethylgallium (MMG)", "CH3 radicals", "As dimers", "Ga dimers"],
  "evidence": "The TMG-surface reaction is much more complex. A comparison of 36 and 39 (see A~) shows that most of the c/d(4 x 4)-like dimers are unaffected by initial exposure to TMG. In view of previous work by Yu and coworkers on the (2 x 4) reconstruction, this result is surprising. The Yu et al. data showed that the (2 x 4) surface cracks TMG into MMG and two CH3 radicals that attach themselves to the nearest As. However, a global reaction of this type would destroy all c/d(4 x 4)-like dimers, leading to large RD changes that are not observed. Instead, after a 1 s incubation period these dimers begin to vanish at a steady rate that depends on the partial pressure of TMG in the ambient (occupancy effects) via a chemisorption enthalpy and decomposition barrier of -26 and 39 kcalmol-1 respectively, as established by an earlier investigation of the kinetics of the interaction of TMG with this surface. Spectra 50 and 62 indicate that these dimers are being replaced by As dimers oriented along [110], i.e. that the original two or more outer layers of As are becoming one. This is a logical consequence of deposited Ga atoms finding their thermodynamically preferred lattice sites through local bonding rearrangements."
}