{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Reflection High-Energy Electron Diffraction (RHEED)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Grazing Incidence X-ray Diffraction (GIXRD)",
    "X-ray Reflectance (XRR)",
    "Optical Spectrophotometry",
    "Quartz Crystal Microbalance (QCM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The phase content throughout the films was determined from X-ray diffraction (XRD) data. XRD measurements were performed using Philips MPD 1880 powder X-ray diffactrometer with Bragg–Brentano geometry and CuKα radiation. The structure, thickness and density of some of the thinnest films of less than 15nm thickness were determined from grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD) and X-ray reflectance (XRR) data, using a parallel beam Bruker D8 Advance X-ray diffraction. The residual iodine content was determined by X-ray photoelectron spectrometry (XPS) using a Perkin Elmer 5500 equipment, with Al Kα radiation. The transmission and reflection spectra were measured with a Hitachi U2000 spectrophotometer in the wavelength range of 370–1100nm. Film thickness and refractive index were calculated from these spectra. The full-width at half-maximum (FWHM) of the XRD peaks was largest in the films grown at 325–375°C. The phase content of the films was similar on Si and SiO2 substrates. The refractive index was measured at 580nm wavelength. The growth rate and refractive index of ZrO2 films versus growth temperature. The refractive index was measured at 580nm wavelength. The mass incrementDm0 recorded as a function of ZrI4 pulse duration, did not saturate. The XPS measurements revealed the residual iodine concentration. The XRD patterns of ZrO2 films grown at different temperatures. The XRD patterns of ZrO2 films grown from ZrI4 and H2O–H2O2 on single crystal silicon substrates. The full-width at half-maximum values of XRD reflections and distances between crystallographic planes, determined for ZrO2 films grown on Si(100) substrates, as functions of growth temperature."
}