{
  "target_material": "metal oxide",
  "process_type": "Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD)",
  "main_precursors": ["titanium tetraisopropyl oxide (TIP)", "tetramethylaluminum (TMA)", "water"],
  "temperature_range": "35 °C",
  "summary": "The study describes the application of atomic layer deposition (ALD) to coat biological macromolecules such as tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) and ferritin with metal oxides like Al2O3 and TiO2. The process involves exposing the biomolecules to gas-phase precursors, allowing for the formation of a metal oxide layer. The ALD process was performed at a relatively low temperature of 35 °C, making it suitable for temperature-sensitive biomolecules. The resulting metal oxide layers were observed to form nanotubes and thin films, with the potential for use in nanotechnology and bio-inspired structures.",
  "evidence": "The experimental procedure of the ALD deposition on the biological macromolecules is schematically shown in Figure 1. First, a suspension of the biomolecules is dried on a solid support. Subsequently the sample is transferred to the ALD chamber. In the next step the molecules are exposed to a precursor from the gas phase, which in our case is either titanium tetraisopropyl oxide (TIP) or tetramethylaluminum (TMA) (see methods). The excess of the precursor gas is removed by purging while a layer of precursor molecules remains chemisorbed or physisorbed on the substrate. In the next step the substrate is exposed to a second precursor, which is in our case water, hydrolyzing the adsorbed first layer to the desired metal oxide. However, biomolecules often contain accessible amines and alcohols and bound water molecules which are not removed by drying. Water, in particular, can instantaneously react with TIP or TMA to build the first metal oxide layer on the biomolecules. The precursor layers in the successive cycles are hydrolyzed with the second precursor. After the hydrolysis reaction, the excess water molecules and the reaction products are removed by purging, to prevent side reactions during the next cycle. The metal oxide layer on the substrate is, after formation of the nucleation layer, growing linearly with each cycle."
}