{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Grazing Incidence Wide-Angle X-ray Scattering (GIWAXS)",
    "Rutherford Backscattering Spectrometry (RBS)",
    "Hydrogen Forward Scattering (HFS)",
    "Nanoindentation",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry (SE)",
    "Energy Dispersive X-ray Analysis (EDX)",
    "Selected Area Electron Diffraction (SAED)",
    "Impedance Spectroscopy",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Next, we deposit the LiF films on silicon coupons and characterize the films using spectroscopic ellipsometry (SE), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), atomic force microscopy (AFM), grazing incidence wide-angle X-ray scattering (GIWAXS), Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS), hydrogen forward scattering (HFS), particle-induced gamma ray emission (PIGE), and nanoindentation. The ionic conductivity of the LiF was determined using impedance spectroscopy of films deposited on interdigitated platinum electrode substrates. ... The structure was analyzed using a spherical aberration corrected JEOL JEM-ARM200CF scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM) equipped with a 200 kV cold-field emission gun, annular bright field (ABF) and high angle annular dark field (HAADF) detectors, and an energy dispersive spectrometer (EDS) using windowless EDS 100mm Oxford detector. ... Grazing incidence wide-angle X-ray scattering (GIWAXS) measurements were obtained at the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource at beamline 11-3 using an incident beam energy of 12.735 keV. ... The XRD data shown in Figure S3 reveal two peaks at 38.8º and 45.1º, corresponding to (111) and (200) LiF reflections, respectively 43, whereas the unmarked peaks are from the silicon substrate. ... We performed Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS) coupled with hydrogen forward scattering spectrometry (HFS) and nuclear reaction analysis (NRA) was performed on the LiF film on silicon to detect the ratios of any elements including lithium, carbon, and hydrogen. ... We next performed X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) measurements of a LiF film on silicon. ... We further performed nanoindentation measurements on LiF thin films prepared by ALD in order to evaluate mechanical properties. ... The XRD data shown in Figure S3 reveal two peaks at 38.8º and 45.1º, corresponding to (111) and (200) LiF reflections, respectively 43, whereas the unmarked peaks are from the silicon substrate. ... The structure was analyzed using a spherical aberration corrected JEOL JEM-ARM200CF scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM) equipped with a 200 kV cold-field emission gun, annular bright field (ABF) and high angle annular dark field (HAADF) detectors, and an energy dispersive spectrometer (EDS) using windowless EDS 100mm Oxford detector. ... The XRD data shown in Figure S3 reveal two peaks at 38.8º and 45.1º, corresponding to (111) and (200) LiF reflections, respectively 43, whereas the unmarked peaks are from the silicon substrate. ... The XRD data shown in Figure S3 reveal two peaks at 38.8º and 45.1º, corresponding to (111) and (200) LiF reflections, respectively 43, whereas the unmarked peaks are from the silicon substrate."
}<|im_end|>