{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The surface reactions involve the decomposition of the precursor TBIDMW by hydrogen plasma, leading to the formation of tungsten carbide films. The hydrogen plasma acts as a reducing agent and facilitates the incorporation of carbon into the tungsten lattice, while nitrogen plasma leads to the formation of tungsten nitride. The physical bombardment of the plasma affects the film composition and crystallinity.",
  "intermediate_species": ["hydrogen radicals", "carbon species", "tungsten species"],
  "evidence": "The roles of the plasma in a deposition system can be categorized into three modes, physical, chemical, and physicochemical. Although these three modes of the role of plasma generally occur simultaneously in the PAALD system, one or two modes predominantly act in the formation of the films depending on the process conditions. In the case of an inert gas-based plasma system, physical effects are overwhelming in a PAALD process, because the radicals of the nonreactive gases would not have any chemical reactivity with adsorbed precursors on the surface of the substrates. Consequently, the use of inert gases for plasma results in sputtering, implantation, and densification of the films formed already as well as cracking the adsorbed precursor through bombardment of the radicals. In addition to these physical effects, effects of chemical and physicochemical nature are seen when using reactive gases (for example, hydrogen) as plasma gases, as in this work. Here, chemical role means direct chemical reactions between the activated species with the adsorbed precursors to form films. The physicochemical role represents the conversion of hydrocarbons in the films into volatile C-H compounds. The activated hydrogen in the plasma plays a role as not only a reactant for the formation of the films, but also in removing C-H species in the films already formed in the previous cycle. The incorporation of hydrocarbons in many nitrides prepared using MO precursors is well known."
}