{
 "characterization_methods": ["X-ray reﬂectance (XRR)", "Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS)", "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)", "X-ray diffraction (XRD)", "Plan-view transmission electron microscopy (TEM)", "Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIAXRD)", "Cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy (XTEM)"],
 "evidence": "Properties of the ALD-grown MoN x ﬁlms were analyzed using various characterization tools. Film thicknesses were measured using X-ray re ﬂectance (XRR, PANalytical X'-pert PRO MRD with Cu- K a radiation at 1.5 kW). RBS analysis using Heþþ with incident energy of 2 MeV was performed to characterize a ﬁlm composition and to determine a density. A bonding status of the ﬁlms was characterized by XPS (SCALAP 250 XPS Spectrometer in Korea Basic Science Institute, Busan, Korea). For phase identiﬁcation, XRD and selected-area electron diffraction (SAD) analyses were performed. Plan-view TEM (Tecnai F20 equipped with a ﬁeld emission gun operating at 200 kV) was used to observe microstructures of the MoNx ﬁlms. Step coverages of the ﬁlms were evaluated by depositing ﬁlms onto the nanotrenches with the AR of ~4.5 (top opening width: ~25 nm). Finally, we evaluated diffusion barrier performances of the ALD-grown MoN x ﬁlms between Cu and Si. In order to evaluate the barrier performances, 80 nm-thick Cu ﬁlms were deposited using e-beam evaporator on top of 4-nm-thick ALD-MoN x ﬁlm which was pre-coated on a Si wafer. Then, these Cu/MoN x/Si stacks were annealed in a high vacuum (<10/C0 7 Torr) for 30 min at temperatures ranging from 450 to 800 /C14 C with an interval of 50 /C14 C. The barrier performances were evaluated by measuring sheet resistances and by characterizing XRD patterns after annealing. Fig. 4 shows the grazing incidence angle ( q ¼ ~3/C14 ) XRD analysis result of the MoN x ﬁlms deposited by using the basic pulsing condition. It is known that the grazing-angle XRD is more sensitive for characterizing crystallinity and phase of ultrathin or nanocrystalline ﬁlms. Even with the sensitive grazing-angle XRD analysis, our result showed only two broad humps centered at around 37/C14 and 42/C14 and this hump could be matched to all those from cubic phase Mo2N [(1 1 1), 2q ¼ 37.37/C14 ; (200), 2 q ¼ 42.45/C14 ] or MoN [(1 1 1), 2q ¼ 36.6/C14 ]. A clear distinction between these phases is problematic since both the broad humps were positioned throughout these three peaks, though a center of the broad hump was rather closely matched to Mo 2N (1 1 1). This result might indicate that the ALD-grown Mo 2N ﬁlm forms a nanocrystalline structure, close to an amorphous structure. In addition, both XPS and XRD analyses suggested that the ﬁlm mostly consisted of the Mo 2N phase. The plan-view bright-ﬁeld TEM image of the ALD-Mo 2N ﬁlm [Fig. 5 (a)] showed that relatively dark-contrast grains, 5 e8 nm in size, were distributed uniformly, surrounded by bright-contrast regions. The corresponding selected-area electron diffraction (SAED) pattern [inset of Fig. 5 (a)] was less spotty and rather formed ring-type patterns, indicating the formation of nanocrystalline grains. The plan-view high resolution TEM image of the ALD-Mo 2N ﬁlm [Fig. 5 (b)] was more interesting. Firstly, g-Mo2N was observed with a dark contrast and appeared to be embedded within regions with brighter contrast of an amorphous phase. The formation of this type of microstructure is highly expected to provide a better performance as a diffusion barrier against Cu. Fig. 6 shows the cross-sectional view TEM (XTEM) image of the nano-trenches (top opening diameter of 25 nm and AR of ~4.5) coated with the ultrathin ALD-Mo 2N layer grown with the basic pulsing condition. The XTEM images clearly showed that the ALD-Mo2N ﬁlms were conformally and uniformly coated onto the surface of the nano-scale trenches. The thicknesses of the ALD-Mo 2N ﬁlms at top, middle, and bottom of the trenches were found to be around 4.5, 4.5, and 3.5 nm, respectively. Thereby a step coverage, which was deﬁned as a ratio of the bottom and top thicknesses, was high as 80%. The good step coverage of the proposed reaction scheme onto those nano-scale trenches proves a capability of coating extremely conformal and uniform ALD-Mo 2N ﬁlms with the ideal ALD growth mode and with no partial decomposition of the precursor molecules."
}<|im_end|>