{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "In the case of the D2O process, it was observed that -NEt2 ligands reacted with the surface –OH reactive sites during the first half cycle, while the remaining ligands were exchanged during the second half cycle. The above-mentioned reaction mechanism could also be speculated here for the thermal ALD of Nb2O5 with H2O. In the case of the O3 process, it was speculated by Tomczak et al. that no –OH reactive sites were formed and all ligands were exchanged during the second half cycle. The above reaction mechanism could also be speculated here for the PE-ALD of Nb2O5 with O2 plasma. However, in this case, the enhanced GPC observed with O2 plasma could not be explained with this mechanism, as a lower GPC of /C24 0.45 A˚ was observed with O3. Similar to other material systems, surface –OH reactive sites could be formed in an O2 plasma, which could explain the enhanced GPC observed for PE-ALD of Nb2O5.37 Similar behavior was also observed for Al2O3 where PE-ALD with O2 plasma shows higher GPC than thermal ALD with H2O.33,36 Thus, alternatively, similar to the reaction mechanism of Al2O3 with O2 plasma.38 It could also be hypothesized that a ligand reacts with surface –OH reactive site in the first half cycle, while the remaining ligands react with O2 plasma species forming –OH surface groups, and H2O, COx, N Ox by-products.",
  "intermediate_species": ["-NEt2 ligands", "surface –OH reactive sites", "O2 plasma species", "–OH surface groups", "H2O", "COx", "N Ox by-products"],
  "evidence": "In the case of the D2O process, it was observed that -NEt2 ligands reacted with the surface –OH reactive sites during the first half cycle, while the remaining ligands were exchanged during the second half cycle. The above-mentioned reaction mechanism could also be speculated here for the thermal ALD of Nb2O5 with H2O. In the case of the O3 process, it was speculated by Tomczak et al. that no –OH reactive sites were formed and all ligands were exchanged during the second half cycle. The above reaction mechanism could also be speculated here for the PE-ALD of Nb2O5 with O2 plasma. However, in this case, the enhanced GPC observed with O2 plasma could not be explained with this mechanism, as a lower GPC of /C24 0.45 A˚ was observed with O3. Similar to other material systems, surface –OH reactive sites could be formed in an O2 plasma, which could explain the enhanced GPC observed for PE-ALD of Nb2O5.37 Similar behavior was also observed for Al2O3 where PE-ALD with O2 plasma shows higher GPC than thermal ALD with H2O.33,36 Thus, alternatively, similar to the reaction mechanism of Al2O3 with O2 plasma.38 It could also be hypothesized that a ligand reacts with surface –OH reactive site in the first half cycle, while the remaining ligands react with O2 plasma species forming –OH surface groups, and H2O, COx, N Ox by-products."
}