{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Rutherford Backscattering Spectrometry (RBS)",
    "Elastic Recoil Detection (ERD)",
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry (SE)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Quadrupole Mass Spectrometry (QMS)",
    "Optical Emission Spectroscopy (OES)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The mass density of the films, ranging from 7.8 g cm−3 at 100 °C to 8.1 g cm−3 at 225 °C, was found to be close to the bulk Ta2O5 density. The deviation could partly be accounted for by the amount of H detected with elastic recoil detection analysis, varying from 2 at. % at 225 °C to 4.6 at. % at 100 °C. X-ray diffraction revealed that all films were amorphous, independent of deposition temperature. The reaction mechanisms, in particular, during the plasma step, were investigated by using quadrupole mass spectrometry and optical emission spectroscopy. During the plasma step, combustion products such as CO, CO2, and H2O were detected. This indicates that combustionlike processes occur, in which the alkylamide N(CH3)2 ligands are oxidized by the O radicals generated in the plasma. Additionally, the presence of excited C w N* molecules in the plasma was observed in the plasma emission. The film composition was determined by Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS), using a 2 MeV 4He+ beam under an 80° angle of incidence for determining the Ta, O, N, and C areal densities of the films. By using the same beam settings, elastic recoil detection (ERD) measurements were also performed to determine the H areal density. The microstructure of the deposited films was studied by using a PANAlytical/Philips X’Pert Pro MPD diffractometer, equipped with a Cu Kα x-ray source and an X’Celerator detector. A differentially pumped quadrupole mass spectrometer (QMS) was fitted to the side of the reactor. The gas sampling took place through a 150 μm orifice, keeping the pressure in the mass spectrometer within the working range for the secondary electron multiplier to operate. OES was carried out by measuring the plasma emission just above the substrate holder by using an Ocean Optics USB2000 spectrometer, having a wavelength detection range of 250–870 nm and a resolution of approximately 1 nm."
}