{
  "film_thickness_nm": 25,
  "density_g_cm3": null,
  "refractive_index": null,
  "surface_roughness_nm": 2,
  "crystal_phase": "Turbostratic",
  "evidence": "The chemical composition has been determined using X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). The synthesized film was ~25 nm thick and was analyzed after 3 days exposure to air in order to obtain a glance on its stability, and sputtered for 60 s in order to remove the surface contamination layer before the analysis. The BN thin film was slightly over-stoichiometric with a B/N ratio of 1.2. This slight over-stoichiometry has been observed by others as well, and can be related to the fact that BN ultra-thin films can suffer from a (preferential) loss of nitrogen during the sputtering. 43 The concentrations of C and O contaminants were relatively low even after 3 days exposure to air. The atomic concentrations found were 4% and 7%, for C and O, respectively, and no Br was found in the films (within the detection limit ). The XPS spectra can be found on the Figure S3. Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM) has been performed in order to determine the roughness of the deposited films. A RMS roughness of 0.9±0. 3 nm for a 24 nm thick film was found. This roughness increased to 1.6±0.5 nm for 29 nm films and reached a value of 2.0 ±0.5 nm for a 40 nm thick film, which demonstrates that ALD is a technique that can be used to synthesize smooth BN films. The microstructure of the 40 nm thick film was then examined. To achieve this purpose, X-ray Diffraction (XRD) has been carried out . The grazing-incidence XRD patterns obtained did not reveal any peaks , indicating films with nanocrystal size smaller than the XRD detection limit or even amorphous phase of BN films. More in-depth studies with High Resolution Transmission Electron Microscopy (HR-TEM) have also been performed on a ~25 nm thick BN sample deposited by ALD, and the images obtained revealed a turbostratic microstructure (Figure 2a) and small areas of ~5-7 nm size of BN planes can be clearly seen . HRTEM and electron diffraction analysis show that the average spacing between the adjacent fringes is 0.37 ±0.01 nm which is close to reported values for turbostratic BN materials (t-BN, d = 0.36 nm) .53 In order to reveal the BN phase of the obtained samples, Raman spectroscopy has been performed on a ~25 nm thick BN sample. It is known that the E 2g vibrational mode for bulk h-BN appears at approximately 1366 cm −1 and shifts to a higher frequency as the number of h-BN layers decreases .54 The Raman spectrum shown in Figure 2b exhibits a weak peak at 1372 cm −1, which is consistent with previous report for monolayer h-BN films. 55 However, the full width at half maximum (FWHM) is rather broad ( 41±3 cm -1) when compared to a high-purity h-BN single layer (FWHM=14±3 cm -1). This peak broadening might be explained by the size reduction of the ordered BN phase56,56-57 which is confirmed by the results obtained by HRTEM."
}<|im_end|>