{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "Secondary-ion mass spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Energy dispersive analysis (EDS)",
    "Electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS)",
    "Time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOFERDA)",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "Selected area electron diffraction (SAED)",
    "Energy filtered TEM (EFTEM)",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "Cross-sectional TEM"
  ],
  "evidence": "A broad range of techniques have been applied to the study of these films, including cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy, spectroscopic ellipsometry and secondary-ion mass spectrometry. These have enabled a wealth of microstructural and compositional information on the films to be acquired, such as accurate film thickness, composition, crystallization sequence and orientation with respect to the substrate. The instrument was fitted with an energy dispersive analysis system (EDS) for qualitative x-ray analysis. It was also fitted with a Gatan imaging filter, which enabled energy filtered TEM (EFTEM) and electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS) of the films. Variable-angle ellipsometry was carried out with a Sopra GESP-5 scanning ellipsometer. Secondary-ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) was used to depth profile the films and determine elemental ratio profiles. Time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOFERDA) was used to determine the composition of the films. The 250◦CTiO2 film (figure 4(a)) appears predominantly amorphous in AFM imaging, but TEM (figure 5(a)) shows it to be fully crystalline. AFM results do reflect grain size changes as a function of temperature (figure 4), but not with the clarity of plan view TEM (figures 1, 5), where appropriate diffraction contrast imaging can illuminate individual grains. The versatility of this imaging mode in grain size determination and phase identification encouraged us to investigate the behavior of a cubic soluble salt (KBr) as a substrate, in addition to Si⟨100⟩. The reasoning behind this was that films grown on soluble salts can be floated off and captured on a TEM grid in just a few minutes, whereas back-thinning Si takes many hours of preparation and ion milling. The AFM showed a general increase in roughness with deposition temperature (figure 4) and deposition cycle (table 1). Cross-sectional TEM is a highly accurate method for determining the thicknesses of very thin films such as these. However, the TEM method is time-consuming and destructive, and ellipsometry is the method of choice for measuring large numbers of films rapidly. We have used ellipsometry to routinely measure the thickness of our films, cross-checking the validity of the results with direct TEM measurements on cross-sections. The ellipsometrically determined refractive index of the 300◦C film was 2.45, being very close to the value reported for anatase (2.49–2.55 Handbook of Chemistry and Physics , CRC Press). The 250◦CTiO2 film (figure 4(a)) appears predominantly amorphous in AFM imaging, but TEM (figure 5(a)) shows it to be fully crystalline. The AFM results do reflect grain size changes as a function of temperature (figure 4), but not with the clarity of plan view TEM (figures 1, 5), where appropriate diffraction contrast imaging can illuminate individual grains. The versatility of this imaging mode in grain size determination and phase identification encouraged us to investigate the behavior of a cubic soluble salt (KBr) as a substrate, in addition to Si⟨100⟩. The reasoning behind this was that films grown on soluble salts can be floated off and captured on a TEM grid in just a few minutes, whereas back-thinning Si takes many hours of preparation and ion milling. The AFM showed a general increase in roughness with deposition temperature (figure 4) and deposition cycle (table 1). Cross-sectional TEM is a highly accurate method for determining the thicknesses of very thin films such as these. However, the TEM method is time-consuming and destructive, and ellipsometry is the method of choice for measuring large numbers of films rapidly. We have used ellipsometry to routinely measure the thickness of our films, cross-checking the validity of the results with direct TEM measurements on cross-sections. The ellipsometrically determined refractive index of the 300◦C film was 2.45, being very close to the value reported for anatase (2.49–2.55 Handbook of Chemistry and Physics , CRC Press)."
}