{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "Energy dispersive x-ray (EDX)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Hall Effect",
    "Capacitance measurement",
    "Current–voltage measurement"
  ],
  "evidence": "The film structure was determined by a Philips MPD 1880 powder x-ray diffractometer (XRD) using Cu Kα radiation. The relative Nb content was measured by a Link ISIS energy dispersive x-ray (EDX) spectrometer installed on a Zeiss DSM 962 scanning electron microscope (SEM). The film thicknesses were calculated using the method described by Ylilammi and Ranta-aho from optical transmission spectra measured by a Hitachi U-2000 spectrophotometer with a wavelength range of 370–1100 nm. The effective single electrode area was 12 mm2. The capacitances were measured at a frequency of 10 kHz using a HP4275A LCR meter. The current–voltage curves were measured by a HP4140B pA meter/dc source. The permittivity of Ta2O5 films was 25 while the permittivity of amorphous or partially crystallized solid solution films and nanolaminates increased up to 33. The high-field leakage current in (Ta12xNbx)2O5 solid solution films with x=0.02–0.07 decreases by two to three orders of magnitude when compared to that of the nondoped Ta2O5. The leakage current density in the films was also correlated to the relative niobium content. The refractive index and permittivity of the solid solution films versus the relative niobium content were measured. The refractive indexes and the permittivity of Nb2O5–Ta2O5 nanolaminates exceeded those of the solid solution films. The leakage current density of Ta2O5–Nb2O5 nanolaminates vs the electric field applied was measured. The thickness profiles of the (Ta12xNbx)2O5 films were measured. The thickness profile of the Nb2O5–Ta2O5 nanolaminates was measured. The permittivity and refractive index of (Ta12xNbx)2O5 films and Ta2O5–Nb2O5 nanolaminates vs the relative Nb content were measured. The leakage current density of (Ta12xNbx)2O5 solid solution films vs the electric field applied was measured. The leakage current density of Ta2O5–Nb2O5 nanolaminates vs the electric field applied was measured. The charge storage factor, Q, of (Ta12xNbx)2O5 solution films vs the relative Nb content was calculated from the formula Q = CU / S, where C is the capacitance measured, U is the voltage applied, inducing a pre-breakdown leakage current of 1 mA/cm2, and S is the electrode area."
}<|im_end|>