{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "spectroscopic ellipsometry",
    "secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "cross-sectional high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "noncontact surface photovoltage technique (SPV)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "capacitance measurement",
    "time-dependent dielectric breakdown (TDDB) test",
    "atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "profilometry",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The film thicknesses on bare wafers were measured by spectroscopic ellipsometer (KLA-Tenco, FX-100) with 25 points along the radius from center to edge (3 mm wafer edge excluded) of the wafer. The values of dielectric constant were calculated from the noncontact surface photovoltage technique (SPV) measured capacitance, 17 the ellipsometric thickness of the Al2O3 film, and an estimated measured thickness of 9 Å of native SiO2. Cross-sectional high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (TEM, Philips, CM-200) was used to calibrate the ellipsometer data and measure the thicknesses of Al2O3 films inside the elliptical holes for step coverage evaluation. The film carbon (C) contents measured with SIMS (Fig. 4) also reveal a similar trend as that of the thickness uniformity. The film ellipsometer and capacitance measurement data in Table I indicated the process pressure increase from 200 mTorr to 1000 mTorr did not change the film refractive index and dielectric constant. The electrical data for each experimental condition were collected from 13 different cells with uniform distribution on the tested wafer. The data values of different experimental conditions were compared with each other using the Turkey–Kramer multiple comparison test, and p-values of ≤0.05 were considered to be significant. The leakage current and capacitance for Al2O3 capacitor layers grown with varied ALD process pressures were measured at 0.8 V and 1.0 V, respectively. TDDB (time-dependent dielectric breakdown) operation condition was 0.8 V for 17k cell at 25°C."
}<|im_end|>