{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The surface reaction mechanism involves the use of Bis(ethylcyclopentadienyl)ruthenium [Ru(EtCp)2] as a precursor and NH3 as a plasma-enhanced reactant. The NH3 plasma treatment was performed to avoid oxidation of the Ru film and to enhance adhesion. The process included feeding and purging steps to ensure surface saturation and prevent surface oxidation, which is crucial for maintaining the amorphous phase of Ru.",
  "intermediate_species": ["Ru(EtCp)2", "surface nitration products", "oxidized TaN layer"],
  "evidence": "We used NH3 plasma rather than O2 as a reactant to avoid the oxidation of the Ru film observed by other groups. O2 plasma treatment may introduce an oxidized Ru and TaN layer as can be verified by chemical composition analysis. Furthermore, an O2 plasma reactant may limit the Ru nucleation sites on the oxidized TaN substrate, resulting in a reduced thickness and columnar structure of the Ru layer. The Ru(EtCp)2 source was heated to 90 /C176C to maintain the vapor pressure and to avoid condensation of the Ru source; the temperature of the source delivery line was maintained at 100 /C176C. The typical ALD cycle depositing a high quality of amorphous phase Ru thin film consists of 3 s of source feeding time with 100 sccm Ar as a carrier gas, followed by 5 s of purging time with 300 sccm Ar. We repeated this feeding and purging process to enhance the surface saturation of the absorbed precursor. Then 10 s of NH3 plasma enhanced treatment with 300 sccm was performed, primarily to obtain various benefits, followed by 10 s of evacuation. Therefore, in contrast to other experiments, one cycle of the deposition process consists of Ru source feeding and Ar purging twice followed by a single NH3 plasma treatment and Ar purge. We performed the feeding and purging process twice to avoid reduced Ru thickness due to surface oxidation, resulting in a dense amorphous phase Ru layer on the Si and a partially oxidized TaN layer."
}