{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Energy-dispersive X-ray spectrometry (EDS)",
    "Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GI-XRD)",
    "Cross-sectional scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (ToF-ERDA)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Film Characterization. Film thicknesses were measured on native oxide terminated Si(100) substrates using a Film Sense FS-1 Multi-Wavelength ellipsometer. Thicknesses of the thickest films were verified with cross-sectional scanning electron microscopy (SEM) using a Hitachi S-4800 tool. Crystal structure of the films was determined by grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GI-XRD) using a Rigaku SmartLab X-ray diffractometer. The incident angle of the Cu Kα (λ = 1.54 Å) radiation was 1°. In situ XRD measurements were carried out on 1.5 x 1.5 cm 2 samples in 10% forming gas using an Anton-Paar HTK1200N oven connected to a PANalytical X’Pert Pro MPD X-ray diffractometer. The forming gas pressure was close to atmospheric pressure. Thicknesses of the CoO films on TiN and of the reduced Co films were determined by energy-dispersive X-ray spectrometry (EDS) using an Oxford INCA 350 connected to the SEM. The electron energy was 20 keV. The thicknesses were calculated from Co Kα X -ray lines with the GMRFILM program assuming CoO and Co bulk density (6.4 and 8.9 g/cm3) and composition. Film morphology was assessed by SEM and atomic force microscopy (AFM). The AFM images were recorded using a Veeco Multimode V instrument. Tapping mode images were captured in air using silicon probes with a nominal tip radius of 10 nm and a nominal spring constant of 40 N/m (NTESP from Bruker). The images were flattened to remove artefacts caused by sample tilt and scanner bow. Roughness was calculated as a root-mean-square value (Rq). Film composition was examined by time- of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (ToF-ERDA) using a 40 MeV 79Br7+ ion beam. The incident angle of the beam with respect to the sample surface was 16°, and the angle between the surface and the detector was 24°. X-ray photoelectron spectra (XPS) were acquired using an Omicron ARGUS spectrometer operated at a pass energy of 20 eV. The X-rays were emitted from a Mg source (Kα line) at a photon energy of 1253.6 eV. The films were not sputtered for the analysis. Binding energies were calibrated using the C 1s peak of ambient hydrocarbons (284.8 eV). Peak fitting was done using the CasaXPS software package."
}<|im_end|>