{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray diffraction",
    "Scanning electron microscropy (SEM)",
    "Auger electron spectroscopy (AES)",
    "Time of flight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOFERDA)",
    "Capacitance-voltage (C–V) measurement",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Raman spectroscopy"
  ],
  "evidence": "X-ray diffraction data for PrO x films deposited at 450 ◦ in the presence of oxygen are shown in Fig. 1 , and indicate that the layers are composed predominantly of the /H9252Pr6O11 phase with a secondary /H9258-Pr2O3 hexagonal phase. The Pr6O11 phase is indicated by the (2 2 2), (4 0 0), (4 4 0) and (6 2 2) reﬂections at 27.7 ◦, 32.1 ◦, 46.3 ◦ and 54.7 ◦ respectively. The upper diffraction pattern is of a Pr-oxide ﬁlm deposited at 550 ◦ without oxygen and is dominated by a single diffraction peak at 31.9 ◦, which can be attributed to the (4 0 0) reﬂection of Pr 6O11. The addition of tetraglyme and the omission of oxygen was found to have a dramatic effect on the growth habit of the ﬁlm which suggests almost complete ﬁbre texturing in the ⟨100 ⟩ growth direction or even possibly epitaxial growth. Analysis of the Pr 6O11 ﬁlms by scanning electron microscropy (SEM) showed that all the as-grown ﬁlms exhibited a columnar growth habit. The atomic composition of the GdO x ﬁlms was determined using Auger electron spectroscopy (AES), and the data are consistent with the ﬁlms being Gd 2O3 containing excess oxygen (O:Gd ratio = 1.7–2.0; expected O:Gd ratio in Gd 2O3 = 1.5). Signiﬁcantly, carbon was absent from all of the ﬁlms at the estimated AES detection limit of <1.0 at.%. The X-ray diffraction data (see Fig. 7) of a ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C was consistent with the random powder diffraction pattern of La 2O3 with a hexagonal structure. A scanning electron micrograph (SEM) of a fracture sample from a typical lanthanum oxide ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C is shown in Fig. 8. A columnar growth habit is discernable which has associated ‘hillock’ features on the free growth surface causing a ﬁne surface roughening effect. The atomic composition of the LaOx ﬁlms was determined using AES, and the O:La ratios of 1.8–2.4 are consistent with the ﬁlms being La 2O3 containing excess oxygen (expected O:La ratio in La 2O3 = 1.5). Carbon was absent from all of the ﬁlms at the estimated detection limit of <1.0 at.%. The X-ray diffraction data (see Fig. 7) of a ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C was consistent with the random powder diffraction pattern of La 2O3 with a hexagonal structure. A scanning electron micrograph (SEM) of a fracture sample from a typical lanthanum oxide ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C is shown in Fig. 8. A columnar growth habit is discernable which has associated ‘hillock’ features on the free growth surface causing a ﬁne surface roughening effect. The atomic composition of the NdO x ﬁlms was determined using Auger electron spectroscopy (AES), and the data were consistent with the majority of the ﬁlms being pure Nd 2O3. Signiﬁcantly, carbon was absent from all of the ﬁlms at the estimated AES detection limit of <1.0 at.%, and as in the case of other lanthanide-mmp precursors [La(mmp) 3], [Gd(mmp)3] and [Pr(mmp)3], carbon-free oxide ﬁlms were obtained even when no oxygen had been added to the gas phase, so that the [Ln(mmp) 3] complexes are effectively acting as single source precursors. The X-ray diffraction data of Nd 2O3 ﬁlms deposited at various substrate temperatures on Si(100) is shown in Fig. 9. At growth temperatures above 450 ◦C, the neodymium oxide ﬁlms deposited show crystalline Nd2O3 with a C-type structure exhibiting a preferred (1 0 0) orientation. At lower growth temperatures the data show no diffraction features suggesting an amorphous disordered structure. Nd 2O3 ﬁlms grown on GaAs(1 0 0) at 450◦C also demonstrated a C-type crystalline structure, but became amorphous at higher growth temperatures, possibly due to a surface reaction or degradation. Scanning electron micrographs (SEM) of fracture cross sections of Nd-oxide ﬁlms deposited at 450 ◦C on Si(1 0 0) and GaAs(1 0 0) showed that in both cases the microstructure is featureless, similar to the featureless GdO x ﬁlms grown from [Gd(mmp) 3]/tetraglyme, but in contrast to the columnar LaO x ﬁlms deposited on Si(1 0 0) using [La(mmp)3]/teraglyme. The X-ray diffraction data (see Fig. 7) of a ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C was consistent with the random powder diffraction pattern of La 2O3 with a hexagonal structure. A scanning electron micrograph (SEM) of a fracture sample from a typical lanthanum oxide ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C is shown in Fig. 8. A columnar growth habit is discernable which has associated ‘hillock’ features on the free growth surface causing a ﬁne surface roughening effect. The atomic composition of the LaOx ﬁlms was determined using AES, and the O:La ratios of 1.8–2.4 are consistent with the ﬁlms being La 2O3 containing excess oxygen (expected O:La ratio in La 2O3 = 1.5). Carbon was absent from all of the ﬁlms at the estimated detection limit of <1.0 at.%. The X-ray diffraction data (see Fig. 7) of a ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C was consistent with the random powder diffraction pattern of La 2O3 with a hexagonal structure. A scanning electron micrograph (SEM) of a fracture sample from a typical lanthanum oxide ﬁlm deposited at 450 ◦C is shown in Fig. 8. A columnar growth habit is discernable which has associated ‘hillock’ features on the free growth surface causing a ﬁne surface roughening effect. The atomic composition of the NdO x ﬁlms was determined using Auger electron spectroscopy (AES), and the data were consistent with the majority of the ﬁlms being pure Nd 2O3. Signiﬁcantly, carbon was absent from all of the ﬁlms at the estimated AES detection limit of <1.0 at.%, and as in the case of other lanthanide-mmp precursors [La(mmp) 3], [Gd(mmp)3] and [Pr(mmp)3], carbon-free oxide ﬁlms were obtained even when no oxygen had been added to the gas phase, so that the [Ln(mmp) 3] complexes are effectively acting as single source precursors. The X-ray diffraction data of Nd 2O3 ﬁlms deposited at various substrate temperatures on Si(100) is shown in Fig. 9. At growth temperatures above 450 ◦C, the neodymium oxide ﬁlms deposited show crystalline Nd2O3 with a C-type structure exhibiting a preferred (1 0 0) orientation. At lower growth temperatures the data show no diffraction features suggesting an amorphous disordered structure. Nd 2O3 ﬁlms grown on GaAs(1 0 0) at 450◦C also demonstrated a C-type crystalline structure, but became amorphous at higher growth temperatures, possibly due to a surface reaction or degradation. Scanning electron micrographs (SEM) of fracture cross sections of Nd-oxide ﬁlms deposited at 450 ◦C on Si(1 0 0) and GaAs(1 0 0) showed that in both cases the microstructure is featureless, similar to the featureless GdO x ﬁlms grown from [Gd(mmp) 3]/tetraglyme, but in contrast to the columnar LaO x ﬁlms deposited on Si(1 0 0) using [La(mmp)3]/teraglyme. The dielectric behaviour of a PrO x ﬁlms grown at 300 ◦C was assessed by capacitance-voltage ( C–V) data of a Al/PrOx/n-Si MOS capacitor structure. The effective permittivity calculated from capacitance voltage curves was 15.9 (Fig. 3), respectively. Annealing at 800 ◦C in nitrogen failed to crystallise the ﬁlm, but increased the capacitance, and the effective permittivity also increased up to 21. Annealing in air atmosphere shifted the ﬂat-band voltage, but did not increase the capacitance. The dielectric properties of the GdOx ﬁlms were assessed by capacitance voltage data for a [Al/GdOx/p-Si] MOS structure. The as-deposited ﬁlms showed signiﬁcant hysteresis with a large ﬂat band voltage shift (− 2.5 V) from the expected V fb (− 1 V), probably due to the presence of ﬁxed positive charge (e.g. H +). The hysteresis was signiﬁcantly reduced by annealing the ﬁlm (O2, 700 ◦C, 30 min), but the ﬂat band voltage shift remained unchanged. The effective permittivity (κ) for the as-grown GdO x ﬁlm was 10.4, which increased to 15.4 after oxygen anneal (theoretical value = 16). The dielectric properties of the LaOx ﬁlms were assessed by capacitance voltage data for a [Al/LaOx/p-Si] MOS structure. The as-deposited ﬁlms showed signiﬁcant hysteresis with a large ﬂat band voltage shift (− 2.5 V) from the expected V fb (− 1 V), probably due to the presence of ﬁxed positive charge (e.g. H +). The hysteresis was signiﬁcantly reduced by annealing the ﬁlm (O2, 700 ◦C, 30 min), but the ﬂat band voltage shift remained unchanged. The effective permittivity (κ) for the as-grown LaO x ﬁlm was 10.4, which increased to 15.4 after oxygen anneal (theoretical value = 16). The dielectric properties of the NdOx ﬁlms were assessed by capacitance voltage data for a [Al/NdOx/p-Si] MOS structure. The as-deposited ﬁlms showed signiﬁcant hysteresis with a large ﬂat band voltage shift (− 2.5 V) from the expected V fb (− 1 V), probably due to the presence of ﬁxed positive charge (e.g. H +). The hysteresis was signiﬁcantly reduced by annealing the ﬁlm (O2, 700 ◦C, 30 min), but the ﬂat band voltage shift remained unchanged. The effective permittivity (κ) for the as-grown NdO x ﬁlm was 10.4, which increased to 15.4 after oxygen anneal (theoretical value = 16)."
}<|im_end|>