{
  "characterization_methods": ["SEM", "ellipsometry", "proﬁlometry", "UV-Vis spectrometer", "Tencor P10 proﬁlometer", "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)"],
  "evidence": "Monolithic aerogel ﬁlms were made with ﬁlm thickness varying from 1–80 mm as determined from proﬁlometry and SEM. The volume of sol dropcast onto the FTO substrate in general controls the ﬁlm thickness. The aerogel ﬁlms used in this study were not optimized for use in DSSCs; conditions were however, chosen, in order to make highly porous structures (>90%) in order to leave enough volume for growth of sufﬁciently thick ZnO layers without completely ﬁlling the aerogel pores. In addition, ﬁlms approximately 25 mmt h i c k were prepared for use as templates for the photoelectrodes described below. The aerogel ﬁlms as grown were extremely fragile; however, after they were coated with even a thin layer (>2nm) of semiconductor, they were found to be very robust. Figure 1 shows SEM images of typical aerogel ﬁlms coated with approximately 4.4 nm (21 cycles) and 8.4 nm (40 cycles) of ZnO. From the SEM images, the ZnO coatings appear conformal for each thickness of ZnO deposited, consistant with previous reports. The aerogel ﬁlms remain porous after coating with ZnO, and the porosity is observed to decrease as expected with additional growth of ZnO. In addition, the feature size of the coated aerogels closely matches twice the thickness of the deposited ZnO indicating that the original silica aerogel framework takes up a minimal amount of space as expected. Aerogel ﬁlms were coated with ZnO using 10, 20, 30, 40, or 50 ALD cycles. ZnO thicknesses were determined by ellipsometry measurements of ﬂat silicon substrates that were coated concurrently in the ALD reactor. The measured thickness of ZnO deposited as a function of ALD cycles is linear with a rate of 0.21 nm/cycle, in good agreement with literature reports (Supporting Information Fig. 1). Thus, the aerogel ﬁlms were coated with approximately 2.1, 4.2, 6.3, 8.4, and 10.5 nm of ZnO. The aerogel ﬁlms are transparent as deposited, then turn a translucent light yellow with thin coatings (<5 nm) of ZnO and ﬁnally become opaque-white due to scattering with thicker layers of ZnO. The absorbance was measured using a Varian Cary 5000 UV-Vis spectrometer. Film thicknesses were measured on a Tencor P10 proﬁlometer. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) images were collected on a Hitachi S-4800-II cFEG SEM."
}