{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Rutherford Backscattering Spectrometry (RBS)",
    "Quadrupole Mass Spectrometry (QMS)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Time-of-Flight Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (TOF-SIMS)",
    "Elastic Recoil Detection Analysis (ERDA)",
    "Medium-Energy Ion Scattering (MEIS)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Auger Electron Spectroscopy",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The ALD process behavior was characterized by measuring the film thickness by x-ray reflectivity (XRR), the film mass, as well as the atomic Ru area density by Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS). XRR was performed in a Bede MetrixL diffractometer from Jordan Valley using Cu Kα radiation. The wafer mass was measured using a Metryx Mentor mass metrology system. RBS was carried out using a 1.52 MeV He + ion beam in a rotating random mode at a backscatter angle of 170°. The reaction chemistry of the ALD process was studied by recording the gas phase reaction products using in situ quadrupole mass spectrometry (QMS). The crystallinity of the films was determined by x-ray diffraction (XRD) using Cu Kα radiation in Bede MetrixL and Panalytical X'Pert diffractometers. Additional information about the crystallinity and texture was obtained by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) using a FEI Tecnai F30 electron microscope operating at 300 kV. The resistivity of the Ru films was determined by measuring the sheet resistance on full wafers with a KLA Tencor RS100 four-point prober in combination with the XRR film thickness. The surface chemistry and the film closure were assessed by time-of-flight secondary-ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS) using a TOFSIMS IV system from ION-TOF. Chemical analysis of the films was performed by elastic recoil detection analysis (ERDA) using Cl4+ ions at 8 MeV and a scatter angle of 40.5°. Additional composition analysis was carried out by medium-energy ion scattering (MEIS) at the University of Huddersfield using 100 keV He+ ions. Tilted top view scanning electron microscopy (SEM), with a FEI XSEM Nova 200 system and atomic force microscopy (AFM) with a Veeco Nanoscope IV in tapping mode were used to obtain information about morphology and roughness of the films. Auger spectra were recorded with a Themo Scientific VG350f Microlab tool at 10 kV beam energy and a tilt angle of 30°."
}<|im_end|>