{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "four-point probe",
    "Hall probe measurements",
    "spectrophotometry",
    "ellipsometry",
    "scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "X-ray fluorescence (XRF)",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "variable-angle spectroscopic ellipsometry (VASE)",
    "optical transmittance",
    "quartz crystal microbalance (QCM)",
    "quadrupole mass spectrometry (QMS)",
    "optical absorption spectra",
    "resistivity measurements",
    "carrier concentration and mobility evaluation",
    "cross-sectional SEM analysis"
  ],
  "evidence": "The ITO films were examined using four-point probe and Hall probe measurements, spectrophotometry, ellipsometry, scanning electron microscopy, atomic force microscopy, X-ray fluorescence, and X-ray diffraction. ... XRF measurements were performed using an Oxford Instruments ED2000 to determine the Sn and In contents of the ALD ITO films. ... XRD measurements were taken on a Rigaku Miniflex Plus diffractometer. Ellipsometric measurements were performed using a J. A. Woolam Co. M2000V VASE to determine the thickness and refractive index of the ITO films deposited on Si(100) substrates. ... The resistivities of the ALD ITO films deposited on glass were determined using a four-point probe, and the carrier concentration and mobility were evaluated using a Hall effect measurement system (Ecopia HMS-3000). ... SEM images were acquired using a Hitachi S4700 ... AFM measurements were performed on a Digital Instruments Dimension 3000 ... XRF measurements were performed using an Oxford Instruments ED2000 ... XRD measurements were taken on a Rigaku Miniflex Plus diffractometer. ... Ellipsometric measurements were performed using a J. A. Woolam Co. M2000V VASE ... The resistivities of the ALD ITO films deposited on glass were determined using a four-point probe, and the carrier concentration and mobility were evaluated using a Hall effect measurement system (Ecopia HMS-3000). ... The ITO films were examined using variable-angle spectroscopic ellipsometry (VASE), optical transmittance, four-point probe and Hall probe measurements, atomic force microscopy (AFM), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), X-ray fluorescence (XRF), and X-ray diffraction (XRD). ... Cross-sectional SEM analysis was performed on cleaved specimens of the coated AAO membranes."
}<|im_end|>