{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The reaction between Ag(O2CtBu)(PEt3) and hydrogen radicals occurs, with the hydrogen radicals acting as the reducing agent. The growth is attributed to the reaction between the silver precursor and hydrogen radicals, and no growth occurred when inactivated molecular hydrogen was used.",
  "intermediate_species": ["Ag(O2CtBu)(PEt3)"],
  "evidence": "The effect of the precursor pulse lengths on the growth rate was studied, which should both result in the saturation of the growth rate in the case of ALD growth. The growth rate saturation was reached with a 3 s Ag precursor pulse. This time could probably be decreased by increasing the evaporation temperature of the silver precursor, but it would result in an even narrower ALD window. The purge time after the silver precursor pulse was always double the pulse time, simply to allow enough time for the complete purging of the silver precursor. The growth rate saturated with a 7 s hydrogen radical pulse. The purge time following the hydrogen radical pulse was 3 s, which was only required to operate the plasma source in a controlled fashion. The saturated growth rate was 0.12 nm per cycle, which is much higher than for REALD of copper from Cu(acac)2, which produced only 0.018 nm per cycle. Although conducted with the same reactor and at similar temperatures, the difference may be related to the different ligands in the precursors or the various oxidation states of the metals. The growth rate may also be expressed as 0.51 nm min–1. This is quite high, comparable even to the CVD of silver using the same silver precursor where growth rates of 0.4–2.3 nm min–1 were obtained at 190 °C, varying with pressure. The films grew conformally, which can be seen from the cross-sectional scanning electron microscopy (SEM) images. The film thickness is uniform on the entire structure, which can be seen in the close-up images of the top and bottom of a trench. Conformal and uniform growth, along with the growth rate saturation, verify that the film growth indeed occurs in the ALD mode. The films were polycrystalline according to X-ray diffraction (XRD), and exhibited (111) and (200) reflections. The films were very rough as analyzed by X-ray reflectivity (XRR), which is also evident in the SEM images. The XRR did not give any definite values for the roughness, it was simply too high for XRR to measure reliably. Qualitatively this means that the root mean square (rms) roughness is over 8 nm. Visually, however, the films appeared mirror-like. The film roughness is expected to increase with the film thicknesses, and consequently the grain size would also increase. The films contained 4.0 at.-% phosphorous, 10-at.-% oxygen, 5.0 at.-% hydrogen, and 4.0 at.-% silicon as analyzed by time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOF-ERDA). The carbon content was only 1.0 at.-%. Some oxygen and hydrogen atoms may be in the form of adsorbed water, since the measurements were performed ex-situ and the films were exposed to air. Also, some oxygen and the silicon are probably from the substrate, since the film most likely did not cover the substrate entirely due to its morphology. Some impurities may also be in the form of left-over ligand fragments; their exact nature is, however, unknown. As silver is a catalytically active material, it is possible that the metal surface also catalyses ligand-fragmenting reactions. The film purity was better than for REALD-produced copper. The comparison is, however, quite difficult due to the different ligands and thus the different chemistry of the precursor. The film purity can be compared only qualitatively to the CVD-produced silver deposited from Ag(O2CtBu)(PEt3) as different analysis methods were used. The CVD-produced silver contained approximately 12 at.-% carbon according to XPS. All the other contaminants, which were also seen in the REALD-produced silver, were attributed as surface contamination. Comparing the resistivities of 40 nm thick silver films, the CVD-produced silver film had a much higher resistivity, 80 lX cm, than the REALD-produced film, 6 lX cm. The resistivity of the REALD-produced silver is quite low, especially when the size effects are considered; electron-surface scattering, grain-boundary scattering, and film impurities all increase the lowest obtainable resistivity. At least the contribution of grain-boundary scattering may be large, due to the non-coalescent appearance of the films."
}<|im_end|>