{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "XPS",
    "SIMS",
    "PL",
    "Hall effect",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "XRR",
    "AFM",
    "Profilometry",
    "TEM",
    "SEM",
    "SAED"
  ],
  "evidence": "XPS investigations indicated moreover that carbon is present only at surface close area of our samples. This we concluded from the XPS investigations (see Fig. 1 ) in which we compared carbon related signal from the surface of the sample (left spectrum) and from the sample sputtered with 2 keV Ar + ions (right spectrum). In the latter case carbon signal drops considerable after removal of the surface close area of the sample. We also observed that a post-growth annealing helps to reduce surface close carbon (carbonates) concentration and increase sample resistivity. The broad ‘‘deep” PL band is clearly due to an overlap of two or even three known ZnO defect related bands – ZnO red PL, ZnO yellow and ZnO green PL. Origin of these ‘‘deep” PL emissions is still disputed, as reviewed recently in Refs.. For example, the green ZnO PL (seen by us only in thin ZnO films grown at higher temperatures) was first ‘‘unambiguously” attributed to copper impurities. Then, this PL band was related to the oxygen vacancy (VO), i.e., the green PL would be an analogue of F center emission in ionic crystals. However, some results suggest that the green PL may as well be related to another native point defect, to a zinc vacancy (V Zn) (see and references cited there) . Whereas for films grown at 90–100 /C176C and 90 ms DEZn pulses a strong defect related green–red PL was observed, PL measured for films grown at 130–140 /C176C shows only the ‘‘edge” PL of free excitonic origin. Unfortunately, these films were too conductive for junction application. We noticed, however, (see Fig. 4b) that intensity ratio of ‘‘band edge” to ‘‘deep” PL bands was improving with the lowering the length of DEZn pulses. Despite the fact that the films grown with shorter DEZn pulses show a slightly higher (about 10 18 cm/C0 3) free electron concentration at RT, rectification parameter of Schottky junction was improved by more than one order in magnitude (rectifying ratio 10 5 and current density above 10 4 A/cm2 at 2 V). When using in a Schottky device Ag as back Schottky contact and Ti/Au as top Ohmic contact the rectifying ratio of 10 7 was achieved, as described in details by Huby et al., in this Proceedings. In electrical measurements we found that the as-grown ZnO films were either weakly of n-type (n below 1015 cm/C0 3 at RT), were highly resistive (above 100 M X, not measurable on our system) or of p-type depending on the growth conditions. For resistive samples an additional step was required to convert them to p-type. The post-growth RTP annealing at 400 /C176C (30 min in nitrogen gas) converted samples to p-type with good electrical properties – hole concentration between 10 15 and 10 18 cm/C0 3 and mobility 1–20 cm 2/V s. This enabled us to construct fully ZnO-based p–n junctions. Because of a possible problem with stability of p-type ZnO the better solution is when p-type ZnO is deposited first in the ALD process. We used Pt as back contact to p-type ZnO. Then the top nZnO acts also as the protective layer. In this case we obtained the Pt/ZnO(p)/ZnO(n)/Ti/Au homojunction with a good rectification ratio. The I on/Ioff ratio was evaluated to be at the level of 10 5 for the homojunction obtained using such LT ZnO films. Further details can be found in the Ref.."
}<|im_end|>