{
  "characterization_methods": ["FTIR", "H MAS magic-angle spinning NMR", "13C CP cross-polarization MAS NMR", "29Si CP MAS NMR", "1H MAS NMR", "XRF", "ICP atomic emission spectrometer", "potentiometric titration", "BET method", "DSC"],
  "evidence": "Modified carriers and heterogeneous catalysts were characterized with FTIR, H MAS magic-angle spinning NMR, 13C, and Si CP cross-polarization MAS NMR spectroscopies and elemental analyses. The surface areas of the preheated silica samples were checked with BET method. The Zr content was analyzed after MAO treatment using XRF and ICP atomic emission spectrometer. The melting temperatures and enthalpies were determined with DSC. The catalysts were tested in the polymerization of ethylene and propylene in the presence of MAO. The 1H and 13C NMR spectra of the rac-Et Ind ZrCl were measured. The 13C NMR signal of O SiMe groups was analyzed. The 29Si NMR spectrum of carrier 3 was studied. The 1H NMR spectra of carrier 3 and the corresponding catalyst 3 were analyzed. The 13C CP MAS NMR spectra of the catalysts were recorded. The 1H MAS NMR spectra of the catalysts were studied. The 13C NMR signal of the indenyl ligands was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the bridging methyl group was analyzed. The 1H NMR spectra of the catalysts were used to determine the ZrMe groups. The 13C NMR signal of the brid9"
}<|im_end|>