{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Auger Electron Spectroscopy (AES)",
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM)",
    "Mass Spectrometry",
    "Grazing Incidence X-ray Diffraction (GIXRD)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The silicon film thickness was monitored in situ with a multiwavelength ellipsometer. Ex situ spectroscopic ellipsometry showed good conformality in thickness across the 1 cm2 area of the Si film. The film composition was evaluated using in situ Auger electron spectroscopy (AES) and ex situ x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS). The Si EE-ALD films were analyzed using a variety of ex situ techniques. The film composition was determined with in situ AES. The XPS data was collected using AUGER SCAN (RBD Instruments) software. The XPS data was analyzed in CASA XPS (Casa Software, Ltd.) software. The Si EE-ALD films were studied using grazing incidence x-ray diffraction (GIXRD). The GIXRD studies were performed with an x-ray diffractometer (D1 System, Bede Scientific, Inc.). The GIXRD utilized Cu-Ka irradiation at an incidence angle of 0.3 degrees. The film composition was determined by XPS analysis using an x-ray photoelectron spectrometer (PHI 5600). The spectrometer used a monochromatic Al-Ka source at 1486.6 eV. The pass energy was 29.35 eV and the step size was 0.25 eV. An electron beam neutralizer was used during the XPS measurements. XPS depth-profiling and surface carbon removal was conducted using argon ion sputtering. The XPS data was collected using AUGER SCAN (RBD Instruments) software. The XPS data was analyzed in CASA XPS (Casa Software, Ltd.) software. The Si EE-ALD films were studied using grazing incidence x-ray diffraction (GIXRD). The GIXRD studies were performed with an x-ray diffractometer (D1 System, Bede Scientific, Inc.). The GIXRD utilized Cu-Ka irradiation at an incidence angle of 0.3 degrees. The film composition was determined by XPS analysis using an x-ray photoelectron spectrometer (PHI 5600). The spectrometer used a monochromatic Al-Ka source at 1486.6 eV. The pass energy was 29.35 eV and the step size was 0.25 eV. An electron beam neutralizer was used during the XPS measurements. XPS depth-profiling and surface carbon removal was conducted using argon ion sputtering. The XPS data was collected using AUGER SCAN (RBD Instruments) software. The XPS data was analyzed in CASA XPS (Casa Software, Ltd.) software."
}<|im_end|>