{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "C-V measurement",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Profilometry",
    "XRR (X-ray Reflectivity)",
    "SIMS (Secondary Ion Mass Spectroscopy)",
    "XPS (X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy)",
    "AFM (Atomic Force Microscopy)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Hall Effect",
    "Current-voltage measurements"
  ],
  "evidence": "The capacitance-voltage (C-V) measurements for the diodes were carried out using an Agilent B1500A semiconductor parameter analyzer. The thickness of Al2O3 gate insulator in MISHEMT is extracted to be around 10 nm from the C-V curve, using the equations in accumulation region. The dielectric constant of the ALD-Al2O3 ox is determined to be 8.6 through the metal-insulator-metal (MIM) structures. The C-V curves show a sharp transition from the deep depletion to accumulation and a small hysteresis. The dynamic dc measurement was carried out using an Accent D265 dynamic IV analyzer (Diva). The apparent electron concentration (Na) versus the corresponding depth (d) in Al2O3 / AlGaN/ GaN MIS heterostructure can be extracted from the C-V measurements. The fat-HEMT technique was utilized to measure the drift mobility of the 2DEG in MISHEMT and conventional HEMT. The dc transfer (Id-Vg) and C-V characteristics were measured and the drift mobility (μd) was calculated from: μd = L/W·Id/(VdQi), and Qi(Vg) = ∫VthVg Cg(Vg) dVg. The reduced surface leakage current and trapping effects in AlGaN/GaN high electron mobility transistors on silicon with SiN / Al2O3 passivation were discussed. The capacitance-voltage (C-V) characteristics of the Al2O3 / AlGaN/ GaN MIS diode and the conventional AlGaN/GaN diode were investigated. The electron lateral distribution in the quantum well at AlGaN/GaN interface was found to be slightly influenced by the Al2O3 thin layer. The capacitance of the ultrathin AlN space was neglected. The Na-d curves are shown in Fig. 1(b). The distance between the two peaks agrees well on the Al2O3 film thickness measured by the ellipsometer. The inset of Fig. 1(b) shows the zoomed-in Na shapes at the two peaks. The peak drift mobility of Al2O3 MISHEMT is high up to 1780 cm2 / V s, which is 19% larger than that of 1500 cm2 / V s for conventional HEMT structure. The quiescent biases for gate and drain were both set to 0 V. The dynamic dc output characteristics of the Al2O3 MISHEMT and conventional HEMT were shown. The Ohmic contact resistances (Rc) for the conventional HEMT and MISHEMT lead to a small difference between their output resistance values at the linear region. The saturation drain current Id,sat of the MISHEMT at Vg = 0 V increased by 36% from 655 to 890 mA/mm and the calculated electron velocity vsat increased by 59%."
}