{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Auger Electron Spectroscopy (AES)",
    "Glancing Incidence X-ray Diffraction (GIXRD)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "ALD Cu films grown on Pd seed layers using a varying number of deposition cycles were characterized using transmission electron microscopy, Auger electron spectroscopy, and glancing incidence x-ray diffraction to investigate the chemical composition and structure of the nanoelectrodes. XPS depth profiling was used to link between the surface and bulk behaviors. The diffraction data show that the Cu content increases with the number of ALD growth cycles. The use of planar thin-film models allows common surface science techniques typically used for thin-film analysis to be applied, including Auger electron spectroscopy, x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and glancing incidence x-ray diffraction. The samples were prepared for the TEM using standard sample preparation methods. The point-to-point resolution is 0.19 nm. AES data were recorded ex situ with a PHI 10-155 spectrometer with electron energy of 3 keV. XPS measurements were also recorded ex situ. Depth profiles were created with a PHI-5600 x-ray photoelectron spectrometer and accompanying sputter gun. The spectrometer was equipped with an Al Kα x-ray source monochromated to 1486.6 eV and hemispherical detector. Pass energy was set to 58.7 eV. The sputtering gun was differentially pumped, and the sample was sputtered with a rastered 3 kV Ar+ ion beam and 25 mA emission current over a 6 cm2 area. GIXRD measurements were carried out on a Rigaku D/Max 2200 diffractometer with an 18.5 cm radius two-circle goniometer and fitted with Soller slit thin-film attachment and graphite monochromator for Cu Kα radiation. Scans were acquired at an incident angle of 1° over a two-theta range of 5°–50° with a step size of 0.02° and a scan rate of 0.2° / min. The sampling depths of the measurements, calculated using atomic scattering factors and mass absorption coefficients, are found to be 371 nm for Cu, 70 nm for Pd, and 165 nm for the alloy CuPd. Interplanar d-spacings were calculated using Bragg’s law after smoothing and removal of Kα2 to spectrally purify the intensity pattern for Cu Kα1. The resulting peak intensities were tabulated and indexed by comparison with standard data found in the International Committee for Diffraction Data files to determine the crystalline phases. In selected cases, line profile analysis was carried out by fitting the diffraction peak to a Pearson VII function. The diffraction domain size was calculated by determining the excess integral breadth introduced by the sample and evaluating this in the Scherrer formula. The samples were prepared for the TEM using standard sample preparation methods. To examine a cross-sectional view, samples were cleaved into 1 μm2 pieces and glued with the thin films face to face using M-bond 600 resin. One side of the cross-section side was polished manually, and a nickel rectangular slotted grid was affixed onto the newly smoothed side. After the resin was cured, the other side was manually polished. A dimple grinder was then used to thin out a section of the sample, and final thinning was done in a dual ion mill until the specimen was electron transparent. For plane view specimens, the samples were thinned from the back side, first by manually polishing, then dimple grinding, and finally ion milling. All TEM samples were analyzed in a JEOL 2010f TEM equipped with a Schottky field-emission gun operated at 200 keV. The point-to-point resolution is 0.19 nm. AES data were recorded ex situ with a PHI 10-155 spectrometer with electron energy of 3 keV. XPS measurements were also recorded ex situ. Depth profiles were created with a PHI-5600 x-ray photoelectron spectrometer and accompanying sputter gun. The spectrometer was equipped with an Al Kα x-ray source monochromated to 1486.6 eV and hemispherical detector. Pass energy was set to 58.7 eV. The sputtering gun was differentially pumped, and the sample was sputtered with a rastered 3 kV Ar+ ion beam and 25 mA emission current over a 6 cm2 area."
}<|im_end|>