{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry",
    "Optical Emission Spectroscopy",
    "Mass Spectrometry",
    "FTIR (Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Energy-Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDX)",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Electron Impact Ionization",
    "In situ Infrared Spectroscopy",
    "Elastic Recoil Detection (ERD)"
  ],
  "evidence": "In situ spectroscopic ellipsometry measurements were performed with an ellipsometer (J. A. Woollam, Model M-2000) working in the ultraviolet−visible region and using the CompleteEASE software for fitting and data analysis. Optical emission spectra were recorded with an Ocean Optics QE Pro spectrometer coupled to the plasma column by an optical fiber. Mass spectrometry was carried out with a mass spectrometer (Hiden, Model HPR-30) using 70 eV electron impact ionization and a quadrupole mass filter combined with a Faraday detector. Infrared spectroscopy was performed on an FTIR spectrometer (Bruker, Model VERTEX 70 V) with KBr beamsplitter and an LN2-cooled MCT detector (midinfrared). XRR and XRD patterns were acquired on a diffractometer (Bruker, Model D8) using Cu Kα radiation; in situ annealing was performed in a home-built chamber under a helium atmosphere, using a position-sensitive detector. Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) was carried out in a scanning electron microscopy (SEM) system (FEI, Model Quanta 200 F), using a 10 keV electron beam and an EDAX silicon-drift detector. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) analysis was performed on a Thermo Scientific Theta Probe XPS instrument using Al Kα X-rays generated at 15 kV and 70 W and focused to a spot size of 0.3 mm by an MXR1 monochromator gun. The sample surface was etched by Ar+ ions at an acceleration voltage of 3 keV and a current of 2 μA. The elastic recoil detection (ERD) measurements were carried out using a 10 MeV 63Cu5+ beam, with a scattering angle of 40° and a sample tilt of 20°."
}