{
  "reaction_equations": [
    "−OH + Al(CH3)3 → −OAl(CH3)2 + CH4"
  ],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "Through plasma polymerization of the TMP precursor, a surface organophosphate layer is grown, its chemical structure being similar to TMP albeit with some methyl groups getting replaced by hydroxyl groups. By exposure to O2 plasma, additional methyl groups in the surface layer are replaced by hydroxyl groups. The resulting chemical structure is presumably more similar to phosphoric acid than to the original TMP molecule. TMA now chemisorbs on the surface because its methyl ligands react with hydroxyl groups, creating Al−O bonds and resulting in the formation of aluminum phosphate.",
  "intermediate_species": [
    "−OH groups",
    "−OAl(CH3)2",
    "CH4",
    "methyl ligands",
    "hydroxyl groups",
    "Al−O bonds"
  ],
  "evidence": "The surface chemistry during the [TMP plasma −O2 plasma−TMA] process was also investigated by in situ infrared spectroscopy. The substrate temperature was held at 150 °C; spectra were acquired after each substep, and this was repeated during 50 cycles. The results are shown in Figure 11, wherein the total absorption spectrum of the deposited film is plotted along with difference spectra after each substep. Each difference spectrum was averaged over 50 cycles in order to minimize noise contributions. The absorption spectrum equals the sum of the three difference spectra, as the absorption of the substrate was already subtracted. The difference spectrum after the TMP plasma shows a C−H stretch at 2960 cm−1, PO stretching vibrations at ∼1300 cm−1, P−O stretching vibrations at ∼1050 cm−1, and O−P−O bending vibrations at ∼600 cm−1. This demonstrates the formation of (poly)phosphate groups by exposure to the TMP plasma. The O2 plasma difference spectrum shows a small valley at the exact location of the TMP plasma C−H stretch, implying the removal of methyl groups. In addition, the ABC-type band structure characteristic for O−H bonds and previously seen in Figure 5 (weakly) appears again. This confirms the idea of a combustion-type reaction in which the O2 plasma removes carbon from the surface by converting methyl groups into hydroxyl groups, releasing CO2 and H2O as reaction products. The region between 1500 and 500 cm−1 shows a number of valleys; these are supposedly also related to the removal of carbon-containing bonds, although their exact attribution is unclear. The difference spectrum associated with the TMA pulse shows a 'mirror image' of the aforementioned ABC structure (valleys instead of bumps), showing the removal of O−H by reaction with TMA, and a C−H stretch at 2940 cm−1 due to the methyl ligands, which remain around each Al atom. In addition, AlO and Al−O stretch bands 26 could be identified at, respectively, 1350 and 700 cm−1."
}