{
  "deposition_temperature_C": "110-175",
  "pressure": "",
  "precursor_pulse_time_s": null,
  "coreactant_pulse_time_s": null,
  "purge_time_s": "5",
  "number_of_cycles": null,
  "reactor_type": "Savannah 200 (Ultratech)",
  "evidence": "ALD of CuxO using Cu(dmap) 2 was carried out using a Savannah 200 (Ultratech) commercial ALD reactor modified with a wall-mounted quartz crystal microbalance (QCM) to measure the film growth in-situ.32 As demonstrated in previous reports, the wall-mounted QCM presents an excellent means of measuring the growth rate of ALD processes. 8, 27, 33 The ALD process for this study follows an AB cycle, with a timing sequence t1 -t2-t3-t4, where the A step involves exposure of the Cu(dmap) 2 precursor to the reaction chamber (also referred to as a pulse) (t1) followed by a purge under flowing N 2 (t2) to remove unreacted precursor and byproducts. The B step involves the same exposure (t3) and purge (t4) procedure but using water vapor as a reactant. By varying the pulse and purge times of the AB sequence we can determine optimal Cu xO film growth conditions. Following reports, 30, 31 the reservoir of copper precursor was kept at 100 °C, a temperature sufficient to achieve consistent vapor pressure but not high enough to engender decomposition. Figure 2 presents Cu xO thin-film growth rate results under various reactor conditions and for various pulse/purge times. The wall-mounted QCM lid is equipped with one QCM crystal near the inlet of the ALD reactor and a second crystal near the outlet. The average and standard deviation of the growth rate measured between the two areas of the reactor are expressed in Figure 2. (For details see Figure S1 of the supporting information.) The mean growth rate measured on an Al 2O3 substrate is 0.12±0.02 Å/cycle, which is similar to the growth rate observed when using diethylzinc as a reducing agent to make Cu 0 films.30 Figure 2 -A illustrates the small temperature window (110 to 150 °C) for conformal ALD of Cu(dmap) 2. There is spatially consistent film growth between 110 to 150 °C. At 200 °C, however, a clear growth profile (spatial profile) is observed, with a higher growth rate near the inlet of the ALD reactor and a lower rate near the outlet; see Figure S1. We attribute the profile at 200 °C (figure 2 -A) to precursor decomposition, which is known to be significant at temperatures greater than 185 °C. 34 Together with the thermal requirements for achieving sufficient precursor volatilization, the high-temperature decomposition temperature defines a potential practical window of 110 to 175 °C for controllable ALD. (Notably, this window, especially toward the lower end, has been found to be compatible for growing metal-oxygen within suitably chosen metal-organic frameworks. 26, 33 , 35 ) Panels B and C of Figure 2 show the effect of precursor pulse and purge time, respectively, on the Cu xO ALD growth rate. Figure 2 -B shows that Cu(dmap) 2 pulse times of less than 0.2 s do not generate enough precursor vapor to permit its delivery throughout the reactor. Figure 2 -C shows the effect of Cu(dmap)2 purge time: intervals less than 5 s are insufficient to remove unreacted precursor, leading to a significant growth profile concentrated near the inlet of the reactor, see Figure S1. Finally, Figure 2 -D shows that variations in water pulse time, at least over the range examined, have little effect on the growth rate of thin-film CuxO."
}<|im_end|>