{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Reflectometry (XRR)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Energy-Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDX)",
    "Rutherford Backscattering Spectroscopy (RBS)",
    "Capacitance-Voltage (C-V) Measurement",
    "Four-point Probe",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The Bruker D8 Advance X-ray diffractometer was used for the evaluation of film thicknesses by X-ray reflectometry and for the detection of crystalline phases by X-ray diffraction. The Cu K line at 1.54 Å was used in both measurements. The XRD measurements were done in grazing incidence mode with an incident angle of 1°. The layered structures of thicker nanolaminates were additionally examined by high resolution transmission electron microscopy with the field emission gun TECHNAI F30 ST operating at 300 kV. Film morphology was examined with a Hitachi S-4800 field-emission-scanning electron microscope and the same apparatus was used for the evaluation of film composition by energy-dispersive X-ray analysis using an Oxford INCA 350. For the films with low Gd content, Rutherford backscattering spectroscopy was used instead of EDX for the composition analysis. Capacitance–voltage characterization was carried out with an HP4284A precision LCR meter. An ac voltage of 0.05 V with 100 kHz frequency was used for the determination of the capacitance and the step size of the voltage sweep was 0.05 V with a duration of 0.5 s. The experimentally determined cation content Gd in the mixtures and nanolaminates was in correlation with the percentage of applied Gd cycles. The cation content was calculated using the molecular masses of ZrO2 and Gd2O3, densities measured by XRR and thickness growth per cycle. The cation contents determined by RBS and EDX were well consistent with the calculated ratios. According to scanning electron microscopy images, finer grains with more uniform size distribution were obtained in films with increasing Gd content. The TEM images of a thicker 2ZrO2 +Gd2O3 + ZrO2 nanolaminate deposited on Si or Ru are shown in Fig. 3. Thin layers of Gd2O3 are clearly visible both in the as-deposited and annealed states. The layer thicknesses in the TEM image were comparable to the ones determined by the XRR measurements. In addition, the TEM images show large crystallites, which reach through several layers of ZrO2 and Gd2O3. The XRD patterns of as-deposited and annealed ZrO2 films, ZrxGdyOz mixtures, and nanolaminates on different substrates are shown in Fig. 4. The subscripts m, t, and c denote monoclinic, tetragonal, and cubic phases, respectively. The average sizes of crystallites, which are tabulated on Table II, were evaluated from the broadening of the XRD peaks using the Debye–Scherrer formula. The capacitance depended on voltage according to the quadratic equation. The quadratic voltage coefficients of capacitors were usually below 1000 ppm, whereas the use of a Ru electrode resulted in somewhat smaller values except in the ZrxGdyOz mixture with the highest Gd content. The CET values and effective permittivity values were calculated from the minimum values of capacitance using the film thicknesses determined by XRR. The k values of the films with the same composition deposited on different substrates generally increased in the order of SiO2, SiNx, TiN, and Ru. The conduction mechanisms can be divided to either electrode- or bulk-limited mechanisms. The conduction mechanisms assigned to ZrO2 films have been the PF effect, FN emission, and phonon-assisted tunneling at different electric fields and for different electrodes. The shape of the J-E curves in PF plots indicates that various conduction mechanisms can be expected at different electric field ranges. In ZrO2 films, a normal PF effect was observed below 2 MV/cm for most electrodes and for both voltage polarities. In Si substrate, a compensated PF effect was observed below 1 and 2 MV/cm for positive and negative electric fields, respectively. The refractive index determined from the slopes of the PF plots was in the range of 2.3–2.7, consistent with values typical for ZrO2. After annealing, the current densities decreased in films deposited on Si and Ru and increased on TiN, whereas the slopes of the PF plots remained essentially the same. At the highest electric fields above 2 MV/cm, the J-E curves were linear in the FN plot. The tunneling barrier height calculated from the slope in the FN plot was 1.5 eV, assuming an electron effective mass of 0.25me similar to the reported barrier heights in Al-doped ZrO2 on TiN. In laminates, either a modified or normal PF effect dominated at low electric fields and calculated n values were between 2.48 and 2.90. The only exception was found on SiO2 where the use of negative voltage polarity on top electrode resulted in an n value of 1.5. The same J-E curve was linear also in the FN plot with a derived barrier height of 0.6 eV. Above 3 MV/cm, the derived barrier heights exceeded 3 eV, except in emission from Si with a barrier height of 1.8 eV. Probably, thin layers of Gd2O3 influenced the leakage currents but simple analytical models are not suitable for describing this influence. In the mixtures, the leakage decreased considerably with increasing Gd content even though the films became thinner. In the ZrxGdyOz mixture with 3.4 cat. % of Gd, the refractive indexes derived from the PF plots did not possess a reasonable value and, thus, trap-assisted tunneling apparently dominated at low electric fields. The barriers derived from the FN plots of mixtures deposited on different electrodes varied from 0.16 to 0.55 eV below 2 MV/cm. At higher electric fields, the barriers were between 0.87 and 0.96 eV in emission from Ti or Si. Emission currents from TiN and Ru were similar and the barrier derived was ~2.3 eV. In the films with increased Gd content, the scatter of the J-E curves increased. In general, at low voltages either the PF or RS emission dominated, whereas the refractive index was between 1.7 and 2.9 without a clear correlation with the Gd content or electrode material. At higher fields, either FN or TAT dominated and the barrier heights derived from the slopes were 1.44 eV for the ZrxGdyOz mixture with 26 cat. % of Gd and 1.85 eV for the ZrxGdyOz mixture with 74 cat. % of Gd."
}<|im_end|>