{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "X-ray Fluorescence (XRF)",
    "Rutherford Back Scattering (RBS)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FT-IR)",
    "X-ray Profilometry",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The topography of selected films was studied by atomic force microscopy (AFM; Digital Instruments, type Dimension 3100, in tapping mode). Selected films were analyzed with transmission Fourier transform infra-red (FT-IR) spectroscopy on a Perkin Elmer system 2000 FT-IR spectrometer. The films for IR analyses were deposited on both (polished) sides of the Si(100) substrates. An uncoated substrate was used as the reference. X-Ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements were performed for determination of the composition and as a second method for thickness assessment. Rutherford back scattering (RBS) was used as an additional means to derive information on thickness and composition for selected films. The XRD data from as-deposited and annealed films on SrTiO3(100) are shown in Figs. 10 and 11. The textures of selected films were studied. The annealed films of La0.7Ca0.3Mn0.8O3 deposited at 283uC were furthermore characterized with regard to magnetoresistance. The electrical resistivity was measured as a function of temperature in 0 and 9 T magnetic fields. The various films deposited on either SrTiO3(100), LaAlO3(100), MgO(100), a-Al2O3(012) or a-SiO2(001) substrates (Fig. 13), show significant differences in magnetoelectric behaviour. The experimental data obtained in this work were fitted to eqn 2 which gave the utilization coefficients presented in Table 5. The present study was unable to confirm the growth of crystalline films on Si(100) and soda-lime glass substrates as reported in.24 This is believed to be caused by the lower deposition temperature used in the present study. The previously used deposition temperature of 400 uC24 is outside the ALD regime for the present equipment."
}<|im_end|>