{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The surface reaction mechanism involves the interaction between the Sn precursor and plasma reactants (H2O or O2). The SH-SnO2 films showed a higher growth rate due to the stronger reactivity of H2O plasma and more OH-reactive sites. The SH-SnO2 films contained two-fold higher hydrogen concentrations than the SO-SnO2 films. The SO-SnO2 films showed dense and uniform surface morphology with relatively larger grain size, while SH-SnO2 showed nanocrystallites with small grain size at moderate temperatures and porous rod-shaped structures at higher temperatures. The formation of porous nanostructured SnO2 is consistent with the noticeably low refractive index of the SH-SnO2 films grown at 250 °C and 300 °C. The morphology change of the SnO2 films from smooth SnO2 surface to rod-shaped porous structure at deposition temperatures of >250 °C might be ascribed to the partial reduction of SnO2 to Sn metal by reductive H-containing species in H2O plasma, followed by thermal etching via Sn evaporation or agglomeration of the Sn metal.",
  "intermediate_species": ["hydroxylated surface", "Sn metal", "hydrogen-containing species"],
  "evidence": "The surface reaction mechanism involves the interaction between the Sn precursor and plasma reactants (H2O or O2). The SH-SnO2 films showed a higher growth rate due to the stronger reactivity of H2O plasma and more OH-reactive sites. The SH-SnO2 films contained two-fold higher hydrogen concentrations than the SO-SnO2 films. The SO-SnO2 films showed dense and uniform surface morphology with relatively larger grain size, while SH-SnO2 showed nanocrystallites with small grain size at moderate temperatures and porous rod-shaped structures at higher temperatures. The formation of porous nanostructured SnO2 is consistent with the noticeably low refractive index of the SH-SnO2 films grown at 250 °C and 300 °C. The morphology change of the SnO2 films from smooth SnO2 surface to rod-shaped porous structure at deposition temperatures of >250 °C might be ascribed to the partial reduction of SnO2 to Sn metal by reductive H-containing species in H2O plasma, followed by thermal etching via Sn evaporation or agglomeration of the Sn metal."
}