{
  "target_material": "Al2O3",
  "process_type": "thermal ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["trimethylaluminum (TMA)", "H2O"],
  "temperature_range": "200°C",
  "summary": "The study models the conformality of atomic layer deposition (ALD) by considering the effect of sticking probability on film thickness profiles. The model extends Gordon's previous work by incorporating Langmuir's equation to relate sticking probability to surface coverage, allowing for a more accurate prediction of film thickness as a function of depth in high-aspect-ratio structures. The model is validated using experimental data from the TMA/H2O ALD process in macroscopic test structures.",
  "evidence": "The conformal deposition of ultrathin films is important in many technologies. In microelectronics, the continuous miniaturization of electronic devices poses strong requirements for the deposition techniques used in integrated circuit manufacturing. Good conformality has become an important requirement, because ultrathin films need to be grown in trenches and holes with increasing aspect ratios. Atomic layer deposition (ALD) is known as an excellent technique for conformal coating. ALD can be defined as a cyclic process which relies on sequential self-terminating reactions between gas-phase precursor molecules and a solid surface. The self-terminating nature of the chemical reactions ensures precise film-thickness control and excellent step coverage. To achieve full coverage of high-aspect-ratio features, it is of crucial importance that process parameters are optimized. To this end, several experimental and theoretical studies have been done to understand ALD into high-aspect-ratio structures. Elam et al. studied Al2O3 and ZnO in ultrahigh-aspect-ratio nanopores of anodic aluminum oxide (AAO) membranes. The Al2O3 coating was verified by plan-view scanning electron microscopy images recorded from the top, middle, and bottom portions of the membranes, and the ZnO coverage was quantified using electron probe microanalysis line scans. In both cases, the conformality depended on the precursor pulse time, and for too short pulses only the parts of the nanopores near the open ends were fully covered. The ZnO coverage profiles showed that the film thickness decreased as a function of depth in the pores. Recently, Perez et al. developed a transmission electron microscopy methodology to quantify the conformality of ALD of HfO2 in AAO nanopores. These measurements also revealed a slope of decreasing thickness in the coverage profiles. Gordon et al. suggested a kinetic model describing the diffusion and deposition inside holes. In this model, a sticking probability of 100% was assumed for precursor molecules hitting an uncovered section of the wall of the hole, while molecules hitting a fully covered section had zero probability to stick. This assumption resulted in a stepwise film-thickness profile after a single ALD cycle. However, the experimental studies mentioned above, as well as our own experimental results described later in this article, indicate a gradual decrease of film thickness instead of the stepwise drop as envisioned by Gordon et al. It has been argued that the gradual slope typically observed in experimental thickness profiles may be related to the increasing aspect ratio during deposition or the sticking probability, which is less than 100%. The first explanation seems reasonable for the case of microscopic trenches, because during each cycle the deposition of new material results in a decrease of the diameter of the hole, and consequently the effective aspect ratio increases during deposition. However, experiments using macroscopic test structures also show a gradual decrease, suggesting that the sticking probability is an important parameter for predicting the conformality of ALD growth. In this paper, an extension is proposed to the model suggested by Gordon et al., where the sticking probability is now related to the surface coverage by Langmuir’s equation s(θ) = s0(1−θ). Therefore, the initial sticking probability for zero coverage s0 can be treated as an adjustable model parameter. To validate the model, experiments were performed to quantify the conformality for the trimethylaluminum (TMA)/H2O ALD process using macroscopic test structures."
}<|im_end|>