{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Field-emission scanning electron microscope (FESEM)",
    "Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "High-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM)",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Raman spectroscopy",
    "Hall-effect measurements",
    "Cyclic voltammetry",
    "Linear sweep voltamperometry",
    "Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy",
    "Mott-Schottky analysis",
    "Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GI-XRD)",
    "Kelvin probe force microscopy (KPFM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Structures were investigated by energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (Aztec, Oxford Instruments, UK) together with high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (HR-TEM, JEM 2100F, JEOL, Japan). Surface chemical compositions were analysed by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS, ESCA Sigma Probe, Thermo VG Scientific). MoS2 formation was characterized by Raman spectroscopy (RM1000 microprobe, Renishaw, UK). Hall-effect measurements were performed with a commercially available measurement system (HMS-5300, Ecopia Corp., Korea). Electrochemical characterization. All electrochemical measurements were performed with a three-electrode system with Pt wire as the counter electrode, Ag/AgCl as the reference electrode and MoS2 as working electrodes using either the SP-200 or VMP3 potentiostat/galvanostat, Bio-Logic. Cyclic voltammetry and linear sweep voltamperometry were performed with a scan rate of 5 mV/s in 0.5 M H2SO4 electrolyte. Electrochemical impedance spectra were measured over a frequency range of 106 to 0.1 Hz at a potential of -0.2 vs reversible hydrogen electrode (RHE). Mott-Schottky impedance was performed at a frequency of 7.8 Hz, from -0.6 to 0 V vs RHE in the dark condition. The reference electrode was calibrated to the RHE potential with an electrolyte of 0.5 M H2SO4, E (RHE) = E (Ag/AgCl) + 0.21 V. The typical electrode area was defined as 0.785 cm2, which is equal to the area of the exposed area of the MoS2 electrode. Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GI-XRD) analysis was carried out at different positions. Kelvin probe force microscopy (KPFM) was employed to study Φ on the edge-site portions of MoS2 layers."
}