{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray fluorescence (XRF)",
    "X-ray reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Glancing angle X-ray diffraction (GAXRD)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Auger electron spectroscopy (AES)",
    "Time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "Thermogravimetric analysis (TGA)",
    "Fourier-transform infrared (FT-IR) spectroscopy",
    "Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The surface morphology was evaluated using scanning electron microscopy (SEM, S-4700, Hitachi) and atomic force microscopy (AFM, DI-3100, Veeco). The chemical bonding states of the deposited films were examined using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS, K-Alpha, Thermo Scientific) and the impurity concentration, including oxygen, in the films was examined by auger electron spectroscopy (AES, PHI 700, Physical Electronics) and time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS, TOF.SIMS 5, IONTOF). The resistivity was determined by measuring the sheet resistance using a 4-point probe (CMT-SR1000N, AIT). Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) specimens of the trench pattern structure were prepared using focused ion beam etching (FIB; Helios NanoLab, FEI). The TGA characteristics of the synthesized Ru complex were examined under atmospheric pressure. The GAXRD analysis of the as-deposited films on the Pt, TiN, and SiO2 substrates was conducted. The measured and simulated XRR spectra of the Ru films on Pt, TiN, and SiO2 substrates indicated that the densities of the films were similar to the theoretical density of metallic Ru. The Ru 3d XPS spectra exhibited a binding energy of Ru 3d5/2 at B280.2 eV. The O 1s XPS spectra of the Ru films exhibited binding energies of the O 1s peaks corresponding to RuO2 and RuOx/Ru at 529.7 and 531.9 eV, respectively. The AES depth profiles of the Ru films on Pt, TiN, and SiO2 substrates are given. The surface morphology of the Ru films on the Pt, TiN, and SiO2 substrates was evaluated in films with a controlled thickness between 7.5 and 10.3 nm. The cross-section TEM images of the Ru films grown on a trench structure were shown. The thermal decomposition behavior of the Ru precursor was evaluated at an O2 injection time of 0 s. The TGA characteristics of the synthesized Ru complex were examined under atmospheric pressure. The GPC values were plotted against both Ru precursor and O2 pulse lengths. The XRR spectra were used to convert the density of Ru film for easier comparison with other research studies. The XPS analysis of the low-cycle deposited samples was used to confirm the substrate-selective characteristics. The XRD and XPS analyses indicated that there was relatively large amount of RuO2 compared to the Pt and TiN substrates. The TOF-SIMS depth profile showed that carbon impurities in the thin film grown on all substrates were as low as those in the sputter-deposited Ru film. The root mean square (RMS) roughness and plane-view SEM images were used for morphological characterization. The cross-sectional TEM images of the Ru film in trench structure were shown."
}<|im_end|>