{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Auger Electron Spectroscopy",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Scotch tape test",
    "Focused Ion Beam (FIB)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Profilometry",
    "Resistivity probing system"
  ],
  "evidence": "Film composition was measured by Auger electron spectroscopy using a Perkin-Elmer PHI600 system. Hydrogen profiling was carried out using a nuclear reaction analysis on the SUNY Dynamitron linear accelerator utilizing a 15N primary beam operating between 6.375 and 6.705 MeV . Film continuity and electroplated Cu characteristics were studied by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). A LEO 1550 SEM was operated with a 10 keV primary electron-beam energy. TEM was performed on a JEOL 2010F employing a 200 keV primary beam energy. Cross-sectional SEM and TEM specimens were prepared by focused ion beam (FIB) on an FEI 200 FIB tool. FIB microscopy was also employed to visualize the grain structure of polycrystalline electroplated Cu. The texture of the thin films was obtained from X-ray diffraction (XRD) employing a Scintag XDS 2000 X-ray diffractometer. Film sheet resistance was measured on a Signatone SYS-301 resistivity probing system, and the adhesion was evaluated by means of the Scotch tape test. In this test, Scotch tape is applied to and firmly pressed over the sample surface and then removed by pulling the tape off at an angle of 90° from the surface plane. The peel force gave a qualitative measure of the Cu film adhesion to the substrate. In addition, pull testing was used to semiquantitatively assess the adhesive strength of the electroplated Cu deposited on Ru/SiO2. The test studs were attached to sample surfaces by adhesive epoxy and pulled off under controlled conditions. Adhesion failure occurred when the tensile load exceeded the film adhesion strength at any interface or within any layer."
}