{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Auger spectroscopy",
    "Low energy electron diffraction (LEED)",
    "Quadrupole mass spectrometer (QMS) for temperature-programmed desorption (TPD) and molecular beam experiments",
    "Optical pyrometer",
    "Molecular beam technique",
    "Temperature-programmed desorption (TPD)",
    "Reflectance difference spectroscopy (RDS)",
    "Surface science techniques"
  ],
  "evidence": "The upper level can be isolated by a gate valve and used for \"high\" pressure exposures. This feature was valuable for creating the As-rich surfaces. The lower two levels are equipped with Auger spectroscopy, low energy electron diffraction (LEED) and a differentially pumped quadrupole mass spectrometer (QMS) for temperature-programmed desorption (TPD) and molecular beam experiments. The heating rate used for TPD was typically 5 K s -1. An effusive molecular beam is designed to impinge on the GaAs surface while desorbed reactant and products are monitored line-of-sight by the QMS. The vacuum microbalance was used to measure gallium deposition on GaAs(100) from TMGa exposures in the millitorr pressure range. The GaAs sample was heated radiatively and the temperature was measured with an optical pyrometer. The saturation coverage of CH3 groups was also independently measured by a calibrated molecular beam technique. TPD results indicate that the surface residence time for much of this extra As is short. The CH3 desorption rate constant (Ea =44.1 kcal mo1-1, v = 1013s -~) was independently determined by TPD and s ° was measured directly to be 0.51. The temperature and TMGa flux dependence of the reaction rate predicted by this model (eqn. (5)) using the parameters mentioned is displayed in Fig. 2. The unimolecular surface reaction mechanism (eqns. (1)-(5)) can be extended to account for the difference in reactivity between the As-rich and Ga-rich surfaces. The molecular beam results indicate that the reaction rate of TMGa with the As-rich c(2 × 8)/(2 × 4) surface is nearly constant. The reflectance difference spectroscopy (RDS) results of Aspnes et al. also demonstrate that the reaction rate is virtually constant until the latter stage of reaction. The CH3 desorption rate constant (Ea =44.1 kcal mo1-1, v = 1013s -~) was independently determined by TPD and s ° was measured directly to be 0.51. The temperature and TMGa flux dependence of the reaction rate predicted by this model (eqn. (5)) using the parameters mentioned is displayed in Fig. 2. The saturation coverage of CH3 groups was also independently measured by a calibrated molecular beam technique. TPD results indicate that the surface residence time for much of this extra As is short. The CH3 desorption rate constant (Ea =44.1 kcal mo1-1, v = 1013s -~) was independently determined by TPD and s ° was measured directly to be 0.51. The temperature and TMGa flux dependence of the reaction rate predicted by this model (eqn. (5)) using the parameters mentioned is displayed in Fig. 2. The unimolecular surface reaction mechanism (eqns. (1)-(5)) can be extended to account for the difference in reactivity between the As-rich and Ga-rich surfaces. The molecular beam results indicate that the reaction rate of TMGa with the As-rich c(2 × 8)/(2 × 4) surface is nearly constant. The reflectance difference spectroscopy (RDS) results of Aspnes et al. also demonstrate that the reaction rate is virtually constant until the latter stage of reaction."
}<|im_end|>