{
  "target_material": "InGaAs",
  "process_type": "Atomic Layer Epitaxy (ALE)",
  "main_precursors": ["Trimethylindium (TMIn)", "Trimethylgallium (TMGa)", "Arsine (AsH3)"],
  "temperature_range": "400–550 1C",
  "summary": "The study investigates the atomic layer epitaxy (ALE) growth of InGaAs on InP substrates using trimethylindium (TMIn), trimethylgallium (TMGa), and arsine (AsH3) as precursors. The incorporation of indium (In) and gallium (Ga) into the InGaAs layers is influenced by growth parameters such as source exposure time, H2 purge, and growth temperature. At 500 1C, the growth rate of InAs is determined by the TMIn supply duration, while the growth rate of GaAs is determined by the AsH3 exposure duration. The study also proposes a growth model involving metal In and GaCH3 adsorbates as the In and Ga species on the growing surface. The results show that the incorporation of In and Ga is affected by different surface reaction kinetics at varying temperatures.",
  "evidence": "The incorporation of indium (In) and gallium (Ga) group III elements in the growth of ternary InGaAs layers by atomic layer epitaxy (ALE) was investigated using various growth conditions. By dividing the growth rate of InGaAs into InAs and GaAs components, it was found that the incorporation of In and Ga strongly depends on the source exposure time, H2 purge, and growth temperature. At 500 1C the growth rate of InAs is determined by the metalorganic precursor supply duration and the growth rate of GaAs is determined by the AsH3 exposure duration. With increasing H2 purge time, Ga incorporation is enhanced. At an elevated temperature of 5501C the incorporation of both In and Ga is dependent on metalorganic precursor exposure, while at a low temperature of 4001C the In and Ga incorporation is limited by the AsH3 exposure. A growth model was proposed to explain the ALE growth of a ternary InGaAs layer at 5001C, which may involve metal In and GaCH3 adsorbates as the In and Ga species on the growing surface, respectively."
}