{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The surface chemical compositions of ZnO (film A) and Al2O3 (film B) were used for the deposition of ZnO:Al films. The growth of ZnO films was carried out using diethylzinc (DEZ) and H2O as the zinc and oxygen precursors, respectively. These precursors were alternatively injected into the reactor using nitrogen as a carrier gas. Al was doped into the ZnO film by the introduction of an Al precursor (trimethylaluminum) into the reaction chamber once in every 19 cycles of DEZ injection. This doping was repeated 49 times and was followed by the additional deposition of 19 cycles of ZnO growth (film A: ZnO). The second film (film B: Al2O3) was deposited by repeating 50 times doping of Al into a ZnO film as film A, followed by the additional deposition of 2 cycles of Al2O3 to form the ZnO:Al film having Al2O3 as the surface layer.",
  "intermediate_species": ["ZnO", "Al2O3", "trimethylaluminum"],
  "evidence": "The growth of ZnO:Al films was carried out in a traveling wave type hot wall reactor at the substrate temperature of /C14C. For the growth of ZnO film, diethylzinc (DEZ) and H2O were used as the zinc and oxygen precursors, respectively. These precursors were alternatively injected into the reactor using nitrogen as a carrier gas with a flow rate of 100 sccm. With all other conditions fixed, the pulsing times were 1.65 second for the DEZ and H2O, and 4.4 second for N2 the purge. Two different methods were used for the deposition of ZnO:Al film. First, Al is doped into the ZnO film by the introduction of an Al precursor (trimethylaluminum) into the reaction chamber once in every 19 cycles of DEZ injection. This doping was repeated 49 times and was followed by the additional deposition of 19 cycles of ZnO growth (film A: ZnO). The second film (film B: Al2O3) was deposited by repeating 50 times doping of Al into a ZnO film as film A, followed by the additional deposition of 2 cycles of Al2O3 to form the ZnO:Al film having Al2O3 as the surface layer."
}<|im_end|>