{
  "film_thickness_nm": 20,
  "density_g_cm3": null,
  "refractive_index": null,
  "surface_roughness_nm": 1.9,
  "crystal_phase": "Amorphous",
  "evidence": "The thickness of the NiO layers has been measured by spectroscopic ellipsometry... The thickness increases linearly with N and no initiation delay was observed since the linear fit crosses the origin. It is thus possible to extract from the slope of the straight line a GPC around 0.028 nm/cycle. This value is in agreement with previous work which reports 0,039 nm/cycle . NiO deposition has thus been carried out onto AAO membranes. Fig. 4 shows a cross section of a 14-µm deep nanoporous Al 2O3 structure after ALD of NiO (N = 500 cycles). The overall view (Fig. 4a) does not provide any evidence of the presence of the NiO layer. It demonstrates, however, that all the pores are still opened after the ALD process. A closer look at the pore apexes, with a higher magnification (Fig. 4b), reveals a thin layer (light gray) indicated by the red arrow. This layer could be ascribed to the NiO thin film, although it is not possible to measure accurately its thickness on such SEM micrographs. In order to confirm this observation, chemical analyses were performed near the top (Fig. 4c) and at the bottom (Fig. 4d) parts of the AAO membrane by EDX. Ni and O are detected on both spectra. It demonstrates therefore that, using the present ALD process, NiO deposition proceeds within the whole AAO membrane (it is further supported by a TEM equatorial cross section of two NiO-coated Al 2O3 pores shown in the supplementary materials, S1). The relative intensities of the peaks are in the same range for both locations. It indicates, therefore, that the NiO is uniformly grown along the porous channels even though the structure exhibits a relatively high aspect ratio (1:70). Note that Al, P and C are also clearly identified in the two spectra. The Al signal corresponds, of course, to the porous Al 2O3. The presence of the element P is due to the incorporation of phosphate into the AAO membrane. Finally, the C peak is related to surface contamination."
}<|im_end|>