{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Field Emission Scanning Electron Microscopy (FESEM)",
    "High-Resolution Transmission Electron Microscopy (HRTEM)",
    "Inductively Coupled Plasma Optical Emission Spectrometer (ICP-OES)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Soft X-ray Absorption Spectroscopy (XAS)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Differential Scanning Calorimetry (DSC)",
    "Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS)",
    "Energy Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "Scanning Transmission Electron Microscopy (STEM)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Cyclic Voltammetry (CV)",
    "Galvanostatic Charge/Discharge Test",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The morphology of the samples was characterized by a Hitachi S-4800 field emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM) and a JEOL 2010F high-resolution transmission electron microscope (HRTEM). The stoichiometry of the HENMC powders was determined by an inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometer (ICP-OES). The X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns were collected. The soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) measurements of P L3,2 edges were collected. The soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) measurements at both total electron yield (TEY) and fluorescence yield (FYI) modes of Mn L3,2 edges, Ni L3,2 edges, Co L3,2 edges and O K edge were collected. A PHI Quantera XPS Scanning Microprobe was used for the XPS analysis. Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) measurements were carried out. The cells were cycled for 5 times and stopped at fully charged state and were opened in the glovebox to collect the fully de-lithiated cathode powders. The powders were then soaked in 150 mg of the same electrolyte as the electrochemical study and heated to 400 oC under N2 atmosphere at a ramp rate of 1 oC/min. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) was performed. Galvanostatical charge/discharge test was carried out. The tested cells were dissembled in a glove box and the cathode sheets were collected and thoroughly washed with DMC several times for XPS analysis. The X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns were collected. The soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) measurements of P L3,2 edges were collected. The soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) measurements at both total electron yield (TEY) and fluorescence yield (FYI) modes of Mn L3,2 edges, Ni L3,2 edges, Co L3,2 edges and O K edge were collected. A PHI Quantera XPS Scanning Microprobe was used for the XPS analysis. Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) measurements were carried out. The cells were cycled for 5 times and stopped at fully charged state and were opened in the glovebox to collect the fully de-lithiated cathode powders. The powders were then soaked in 150 mg of the same electrolyte as the electrochemical study and heated to 400 oC under N2 atmosphere at a ramp rate of 1 oC/min. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) was performed. Galvanostatical charge/discharge test was carried out. The tested cells were dissembled in a glove box and the cathode sheets were collected and thoroughly washed with DMC several times for XPS analysis. The X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns were collected. The soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) measurements of P L3,2 edges were collected. The soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS) measurements at both total electron yield (TEY) and fluorescence yield (FYI) modes of Mn L3,2 edges, Ni L3,2 edges, Co L3,2 edges and O K edge were collected. A PHI Quantera XPS Scanning Microprobe was used for the XPS analysis. Differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) measurements were carried out. The cells were cycled for 5 times and stopped at fully charged state and were opened in the glovebox to collect the fully de-lithiated cathode powders. The powders were then soaked in 150 mg of the same electrolyte as the electrochemical study and heated to 400 oC under N2 atmosphere at a ramp rate of 1 oC/min. Cyclic voltammetry (CV) was performed. Galvanostatical charge/discharge test was carried out. The tested cells were dissembled in a glove box and the cathode sheets were collected and thoroughly washed with DMC several times for XPS analysis."
}