{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Raman Spectroscopy",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Energy-Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Cross-sectional Transmission Electron Microscopy (XTEM)",
    "Grazing Incidence X-ray Diffraction (GIXRD)",
    "Micro-Raman Spectroscopy",
    "Photoelectron Spectroscopy",
    "Inverse Photoemission Spectroscopy (IPES)"
  ],
  "evidence": "X-ray reflectivity (XRR) measurements indicated that in addition to crystallizing the films, H2S/N2 annealing at 250 °C decreased the film thickness by about 35% and increased the density by 30% to the SnS2 bulk density of 4.5 g cm−3. XPS core-levels showed features in agreement with previous reports on SnS2 single crystals and ALD thin films. Raman spectroscopy and X-ray diffraction (XRD) confirmed the crystallinity and presence of only the SnS2 phase. TEM showed the SnS2 layers to be tilted in many of the observed grains. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) measurements of Sn3d5/2 and S2p core-levels showed features in agreement with previous reports. The bandgap was determined using a combination of XPS and inverse photoemission spectroscopy (IPES) measurements. The film thickness was measured by X-ray reflectivity (PANalytical X’Pert Pro MPD or Rigaku Smartlab), ellipsometry, XTEM images, and AFM images. Film morphology was characterized by atomic force microscopy (Veeco Multimode V). Cross-sectional TEM imaging was performed by Hitachi HD2700 aberration corrected scanning transmission electron microscope. EDS maps were acquired using a Bruker Quantax EDS detector. X-ray diffraction (XRD) was used with grazing incidence or θ−2θ diffraction geometry. Micro-Raman spectra were measured using a confocal Raman microscope. Photoelectron spectroscopy measurements were performed in an ultra-high vacuum chamber. The valence-band XPS and IPES measurements were done at a 45° angle with respect to the surface. Visualization of crystal structures was done using VESTA software."
}<|im_end|>