{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The ALD process involves the adsorption of a gaseous precursor (TMA) onto the surface, followed by a reaction with water to form a monolayer. The reaction is self-terminating, and the growth rate is determined by the number of cycles. The process is described as involving the adsorption of TMA and subsequent reaction with water, with the growth rate being 0.1 nm per cycle on flat substrates and around 0.2 nm per cycle on nanoparticles.",
  "intermediate_species": ["TMA", "surface hydroxyls", "water"],
  "evidence": "In this paper we will describe the technique of ALD for the coating of (nano)particles in a fluidized bed reactor under atmospheric pressure. Working under atmospheric pressure has the advantage that it is cheaper and less complicated than the vacuum process. Furthermore, it can be more easily scaled-up for the production of commercial quantities. We will also demonstrate an application of this process by coating LiMn2O4 with Al2O3. The process for particle ALD was patented in three US patents by George et al. Each ALD cycle comprises two steps. In the first step a gaseous (usually organometallic) precursor is adsorbed onto the surface. In the second step the adsorbed component reacts with a second gas to form a monolayer. Both steps are self-terminating, i.e., when the surface is completely covered by the adsorbed species, or when there are no more reactive groups at the surface, the reaction stops. The number of repeated adsorption/reaction cycles determines the thickness of the coating which, as a result, is controllable to the atomic level. ALD is, therefore, a very promising tool to be used in nanotechnology. Where other techniques form thicker or less homogeneous coatings, ALD can produce very homogeneous layers of only nanometers in thickness. In this paper, we report the deposition of Al2O3 layers using tri-methyl aluminum (TMA) and water as precursors. The growth rate of this process is 0.1 nm per cycle on flat substrates, and around 0.2 nm per cycle on nanoparticles. The difference can possibly be explained by the curvature of the surface; on a flat surface there is more hindrance from neighboring molecules in the adsorption step."
}