{
  "target_material": "Ru/RuO2",
  "process_type": "Thermal ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["Ru(Cp)(CO)2Et", "O2"],
  "temperature_range": "200-325 °C",
  "summary": "The study investigates the atomic layer deposition of Ru/RuO2 thin films using the precursor Ru(Cp)(CO)2Et and O2 gas. The process involves self-terminated surface reactions under saturation conditions, leading to higher growth rates compared to typical ALD. The formation of bridged CO species passivates the surface, terminating the precursor self-reaction, while O2 gas activates the surface by converting bridged CO to terminal CO and CO2 species. The films are metallic after 22 cycles and exhibit a hexagonal close-packed (hcp) structure.",
  "evidence": "The deposition of ruthenium thin films is investigated using a newly synthesized precursor (cyclopentadienyl ethylruthenium dicarbonyl, Ru(Cp)(CO)2Et) and O2 gas as reactants. The conditions to achieve self-terminated surface reactions (sample temperature, precursor pulse length and precursor gas pressure) are investigated and the resulting composition, conductivity, and surface morphology are determined during/after deposition on hydrogen-terminated silicon (111) surfaces using in situ FTIR, and ex situ Rutherford back scattering, X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, and atomic force microscopy. Higher growth rates (∼1.5-3A˚) are obtained compared to those typical of ALD of metals ( ∼0.5-1A˚), under conditions of saturation, i.e., through self-terminated surface reactions. Infrared absorption measurements reveal that bridged CO formed by the self-reaction of Ru(Cp)(CO)2Et leads to surface passivation, thus terminating the precursor self-reaction. They also show that, under these \"saturation\" growth conditions, metallic Ru develops during the early stage of deposition (1-5 cycles), and RuO2 is observed later in the growth. The deposition rate is linear with cycles after an initially slow nucleation stage and the film becomes metallic after∼22 cycles. Thick films (∼45 nm) grown with short pulses produce metallic polycrystalline ruthenium with hcp structure."
}<|im_end|>