{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Rutherford Backscattering Spectroscopy (RBS)",
    "Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry"
  ],
  "evidence": "Several analysis tools such as transmission electron microscopy, X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, Rutherford backscattering spectrometry, and secondary ion mass spectrometry were used to characterize the film properties under different deposition conditions. XRD showed that a hexagonal SnN phase was obtained at relatively low deposition temperature (100~150 °C) whereas cubic Sn3N4 was formed at higher deposition temperature (175~200 °C). The stoichiometry of these thermally grown ALD-SnNx films (Sn to N ratio) deposited at 150°C was determined to be ~1:0.94 with negligible impurities. The opto-electronic properties of the SnNx films, such as band-gap, wavelength-dependent refractive index, extinction coefficient, carrier concentration, and mobility were further evaluated via spectroscopic ellipsometry analysis. The accurate composition or stoichiometry of this new ALD-grown tin nitride thin film deposited at 150 °C on a SiO2 substrate, which is within the ALD temperature window [Fig. 1(d)], was analyzed by RBS. The resulting RBS spectrum is presented in Fig. 5 where the backscattered peaks obtained from the collision between He 2+ ions with Sn and N constituents in the grown films were clearly detected at the channel numbers of ~876 and ~305, respectively. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy studies were undertaken to analyze the chemical bonding status of elements in the SnNx film and to detect any surface contamination. To probe the chemical bonding of the SnNx film itself, Ar + sputtering was done for 60 s prior to the XPS measurements to eliminate any surface contamination, such as oxides and adventitious carbon. The binding energy of adventitious C 1s was measured before Ar+ sputtering (284.5 eV), which was used to calibrate the other peaks obtained. Full XPS survey spectra obtained without and with sputtering are shown in Fig. 6 (a). Detected elements were Sn, N, O, and C for the thin nitride films before Ar+ sputtering. Several peaks related to different orbital (4d, 3d, 3p etc.) electrons of Sn were evident, as indicated in the complete XPS survey. Since the C 1s peak disappeared completely and only a negligible peak for O 1s was obtained after Ar+ etching, the film itself does not contain either of these impurities. Almost no carbon was detected, and the possible amount of oxygen signal was determined to be as low as about 1.7 at.%. and thus consistent with the SIMS results which showed that oxygen and carbon impurities were too low to be detected or even not present at all. XTEM images further confirmed that the SnNx film exhibited a nanocrystalline structure where the nanocrystalline grains were embedded in an amorphous SnNx matrix. The semiconducting properties of SnNx films were also evaluated via SE analysis to explore the potential of this film for future opto-electronic applications. The optical energy gap, free carrier concentration, and free carrier mobility for ALD-SnNx grown at 150 °C were found to be 1.32 eV, 1.09×1019/cm3, and 31.4 cm2/(V·s), respectively. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ) determined from the Drude oscillator model using an effective mass equal to 0.17*melectron 68 are summed up in Tables 1 and S1. The determined values are comparable with the reported literature values for SnNx prepared by other deposition methods 8, 18, 20. The refractive index of plasma-deposited and thermally deposited SnNx films at 632 nm varies in the range of 1.5–2.2 depending on the deposition temperature and N/Sn ratio 20. Even higher values of refractive index (2.8–3.3) have been reported for SnNx thin films fabricated by low-temperature atmospheric pressure chemical vapor deposition 18. The refractive index determined for ALD-SnNx films in our case is n632nm = 2.66 which is comparable to previously reported data for SnNx films prepared by different deposition methods [Table S1]. The reported optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions determined for tin nitride films fabricated by radio-frequency reactive sputtering is 1.5 eV, which is close to the value of 1.32 eV obtained for ALD-SnNx thin films in our case. The determined values of the refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, of ALD-SnNx in the wavelength range 190–15000 nm are depicted in Fig. 8 (a). A Tauc plot, which can be used for determination of the indirect bandgap energy, is presented in Fig. 8 (b), where α = 4πk/λ, and E and λ are photon energy and wavelength, respectively. The energy of the absorption onset (the optical energy gap, Eg, for indirect transitions) determined from the Tauc–Lorentz oscillator model (or alternatively the Tauc plot in a similar manner as that presented by Maruyama et al. 63) together with free carrier concentration (N), free carrier mobility (μ), specific electrical resistivity (ρ), and mean free time (τ