{
  "film_thickness_nm": 6,
  "density_g_cm3": null,
  "refractive_index": null,
  "surface_roughness_nm": 6,
  "crystal_phase": "tungstenite",
  "evidence": "The film thickness was characterized by spectroscopic ellipsometry on Si wafer. Data were collected from 370 to 1000 nm under 70° incidence angle with a SENpro spectroscopic ellipsometer from Sentech. Fits were performed using the model and software SpectraRay 4 provided with the instrument which is calculated from optical index and layer roughness. All the deposited layers are fitted with the same parameter. Although, the as fitted results are not the absolute layer thickness, these numbers are the relative values, which also have physical meaning and still can be used to compare the layer thickness of materials deposited under different conditions and for various number of cycles. Therefore, the layer thickness and the growth per cycle in this manuscript are not the absolute values, but these relative values can give an overview of the deposition and allow us to study the growth of the WS 2 on planar substrates. The morphology and structure were characterized by a Philips CM200 LaB 6 transmission electron microscope (TEM) operated at 200 kV. High resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM) images were obtained using a FEI Talos F200S operated at 200kV scanning/transmission electron microscope (S/TEM). The samples for X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and Raman spectroscopy were drop casted oxidized CNTs (dispersed in ethanol by ultra-sonication) deposited onto an aluminum foil cleaned with acetone and subsequently dried under a nitrogen flow. XPS was performed in an ultrahigh vacuum chamber (base pressure 5.10 -10 mbar) using a JEOL JPS-9030 set-up comprising a photoelectron spectrometer hemispherical energy analyzer and a monochromatic Al Kα (h ν = 1486.6 eV) X-ray source. The XPS measurements were performed with an energy resolution of 0.7 eV as determined on a polycrystalline Ag 3d core level. A STOE MP X-ray diffractometer (XRD) operated at 40 kV, 100 mA with Molybdenum Kα radiation (λ = 0.7094 Å) was used for structural analysis. The 2θ range was set from 2° to 52°. Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD) was measured with a Siwafer after 350 ALD cycles with an incident angle of 1.5°. Raman spectra were acquired with a confocal microscope (XploRA, Horiba Ltd.)-based Raman spectrometer using a 532 nm laser as the excitation wavelength. The 520 cm-1 phonon mode from the silicon substrate was used for calibration. AFM topography images were obtained by using a Bruker Icon SFM and CONTV-A cantilevers. Raman and AFM measurements were performed in ambient condition. Diffuse Reflectance Infrared Fourier Transform Spectroscopy (DRIFTS) spectra were recorded on a Nicolet 6700-FT spectrometer using a cell equipped with CaF 2 window. Typically, 64 scans were accumulated for each spectrum (resolution 4 cm-1). Solution NMR spectra were recorded on BRUKER AVANCE 300 spectrometer ( 1H: 300.1 MHz, 13C: 75.4 MHz). Chemical shifts are given in ppm (h) relative to TMS (tetramethylsilane). Spectra were recorded using the residual peak of the deuterated solvent as internal standard. Gas phase analysis was performed on a HP 5890 gas chromatograph, equipped with a flame ionization detector (FID) and a KCl/Al2O3 on fused silica column (50 m × 0.32 mm). A spherical syringe joint was used to extract 300μL of gaseous product into a gas syringe and was injected into GC."
}<|im_end|>