{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Electron Diffraction",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Optical Absorbance Spectroscopy",
    "Mott–Schottky Analysis",
    "Impedance Spectroscopy",
    "Intensity-Modulated Photocurrent Spectroscopy (IMPS)",
    "Chronoamperometry",
    "Photocurrent Transients",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "UV/vis/NIR Spectrophotometry",
    "Photocurrent Transient Analysis",
    "Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Figure 1b shows X-ray diffraction (XRD) patterns of the flat films after calcination at 600 °C, recorded at grazing incidence. The morphology of the host–guest architecture was analyzed by scanning electron microscopy (SEM, Figure 5). A more detailed structural and crystallographic analysis is afforded by transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The ZnFe2O4 layer and reflections in electron diffraction patterns (Figure 6b,c) match the crystal structure of zinc ferrite. Layer thicknesses were determined by ellipsometry (J. A. Woollam M-2000 VASE). Absorbance and reflectance spectra were measured on a Perkin-Elmer Lambda 1050 UV/vis/NIR spectrophotometer. The semiconductor characteristics of hematite and zinc ferrite thin film electrodes were probed by impedance spectroscopy to determine the donor density and flatband potential. The cyclic voltammograms recorded under illumination through the substrate are shown in Figure 2a. The photocurrent transients under chopped illumination are shown in Figure 4a. The data were fitted using the electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) spectrum analyzer software. The optical absorbance of the macroporous ATO substrate and the m-ZnFe2O4 sample was measured. The J–V curves under simulated solar irradiation were measured using a μAutolab III potentiostat. The light source was a Xe lamp AM 1.5 solar simulator. The potential was scanned at a rate of 20 mV s−1. Incident photon-to-current efficiency (IPCE) curves were recorded at 0.1 sun with additional light from a 150 W Xe lamp passed through a monochromator. Chronoamperometry was performed at 1.23 V versus RHE. Photocurrent transients and IMPS spectra were recorded using a PGSTAT302N potentiostat. IMPS was performed in the frequency range between 100 mHz and 10 kHz. Impedance spectra were measured in the dark with frequencies ranging from 100 mHz to 100 kHz. The data were fitted using the electrochemical impedance spectroscopy (EIS) spectrum analyzer software."
}