{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "Secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "Auger electron spectroscopy (AES)",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Cross-sectional view transmission electron microscopy (XTEM)",
    "Energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "Field emission gun (FEG)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Transmission electron microscopy analysis showed that RuAlO films formed with non-columnar grains and a nano-crystalline microstructure consisting of Ru nano-crystals separated by amorphous Al2O3. The growth rate of the Ru and Al2O3 films were determined from the thickness with the deposition condition using cross-sectional view transmission electron microscopy (XTEM, Tecnai F20 equipped with 200 kV accelerating voltage and field emission gun). The composition of ALD-Ru and ALD-Al2O3 was characterized by secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS, CAMECA IMS-6f in Korea Basic Science Institute) and Auger electron spectroscopy (AES) depth profiling, respectively. The SIMS results on ALD-Ru were calibrated by Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS). The properties of the RuAlO films were analyzed comparatively to the Ru counterpart to determine the effect of Al2O3 addition to Ru. Plan-view TEM and XTEM were used to examine the microstructures of the Ru and RuAlO films. The step coverage of the ALD-RuAlO films were evaluated at the contacts with an aspect of 29 (top opening diameter: 74 nm). The diffusion barrier performance of RuAlO film between Cu and Si was evaluated. One hundred-nanometer-thick Cu films were deposited onto 15-nm-thick RuAlO-covered Si wafers by sputtering. The Cu/RuAlO/Si samples were then annealed in a high vacuum (< 2 × 10−6 Torr) for 30 min at temperatures ranging from 450 to 700 °C at 50 °C intervals. The barrier performances were evaluated by sheet resistance measurements and x-ray diffraction (XRD) after annealing. Finally, Cu was electrodeposited directly onto an 10 nm-thick RuAlO ALD-RuAlO film to test the feasibility of the film as a diffusion barrier for seedless Cu interconnects. The relevant films were analyzed by TEM to confirm the phase and characterize the microstructure of the RuAlO films in detail. The plan-view TEM bright-field (BF) image Fig. 3a of the ALD-Ru film shows crystalline grains with a size of approximately 10–20 nm. The cross-sectional view TEM image of ALD-RuAlO (Fig. 3d) is quite different from to that of ALD-Ru. The layered structure of Ru/Al2O3 was not observed but nano-crystals with dark contrast appear to be embedded into regions with brighter contrast. Plan-view TEM analysis (data not shown here) showed that the ALD-Ru film deposited by 40 ALD cycles was not continuous. The XTEM images of the top (Fig. 4a), middle (Fig. 4b) and bottom (Fig. 4c) of the contact showed that the thickness of the ALD RuAlO was between 14.2 and 15.3 nm. This gives step coverage of 93% (defined by the bottom thickness/top thickness). XRD analysis of the annealed samples was performed to explain the increase in sheet resistance of the multilayer structure. Figure 5b shows the corresponding XRD results for the annealed samples. In the case of the as-deposited Cu (100 nm)/RuAlO (15 nm)/Si sample, peaks from face-centered-cubic (FCC) Cu, and the Si substrate were detected. XRD clearly shows that the initial multilayer structure of Cu (100 nm)/RuAlO (15 nm)/Si is preserved until annealing at 650 °C, and the intensities of the peaks from Cu increased, indicating an increase in the grain sizes of Cu with annealing. The peaks from Ru [(1010), 2θ = 38.57° and (1013), 2θ = 78.47°] developed, indicating that the grains sizes of Ru in the RuAlO film increased with annealing. This also shows that Cu silicides (2θ = 45.19°) are first detected after annealing at 650 °C but the intensity is weak, and strong Cu peaks are still observed. This suggests that Cu diffusion into Si to form Cu silicide is not severe. Figure 5c shows a XTEM image of the sample annealed at 650 °C. Although the Cu silicides were detected in the annealed sample at this temperature from XRD analysis, no Cu silicide was obtained from XTEM analysis. This suggests that the failure of a RuAlO diffusion barrier at 650 °C occurred locally and was not severe. In the sample annealed at 700 °C (Fig. 5d), a new triangular shaped phase was formed. This was identified as a g00-Cu3Si phase from energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS) and electron diffraction. However, RuAlO still preserved its layer at the location where failure occurred. This result indicated that ALD-RuAlO diffusion barrier failed between Cu and Si by the diffusion of Cu through the RuAlO, resulting in the formation of crystalline defects in the Si or Cu silicides not by the interfacial reactions between the barrier layer and adjacent layers. Finally, we tested a possibility of Cu direct plating on 10 nm-thick ALD-RuAlO film deposited with the Al2O3 unit cycles of 3. Cross-sectional view scanning electron microscopy analysis (not shown here) confirmed that Cu films as thin as 50 nm were successfully and continuously grown on ALD-RuAlO film by electroplating."
}<|im_end|>