{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The mechanism of this ALD process remains speculative. Studies have reported that the reaction mechanisms of O3-ALD processes follow the subsequently described mechanistic principles. Combustion occurs during the ozone pulse and possibly results in the formation of hydroxyl groups on the surface of freshly deposited film, and then resulting in the release of protonated ligands during sequent exposure of a metal precursor. Some ozone processes reported in the literature are more complicated and involve chemisorbed active oxygen during the pulse of the metal precursor. The most common byproducts of ALD oxide processes using ozone are carbon dioxide, water, protonated ligands, and possibly carbon monoxide. Interestingly, when H2O is present in the system, O3 will reacts with H2O and produces hydroxyl radical (OH·), which is a stronger oxidizing agent than O3. Although this phenomenon occurs with O3 in the reaction process, the pH value of the reaction system greatly affects the amounts of OH· produced. A considerably larger amount of OH· is produced under alkaline conditions than under acidic conditions, and OH· will play a key role as an oxidizing agent under alkaline conditions. In this study, the precursor Ni(acac)2(TMEDA) included a TMEDA ligand, which was an organic base. Thus, TMEDA ligands might have created alkaline conditions in the surface reaction system, which increased OH· production and drove the surface reaction in the ALD process. And the higher activity of OH· than O3 that might have contributed to the considerable increase in the growth rate of the films.",
  "intermediate_species": ["hydroxyl groups", "protonated ligands", "OH·"],
  "evidence": "The mechanism of this ALD process remains speculative. Studies have reported that the reaction mechanisms of O3-ALD processes follow the subsequently described mechanistic principles. Combustion occurs during the ozone pulse and possibly results in the formation of hydroxyl groups on the surface of freshly deposited film, and then resulting in the release of protonated ligands during sequent exposure of a metal precursor. Some ozone processes reported in the literature are more complicated and involve chemisorbed active oxygen during the pulse of the metal precursor. The most common byproducts of ALD oxide processes using ozone are carbon dioxide, water, protonated ligands, and possibly carbon monoxide. Interestingly, when H2O is present in the system, O3 will reacts with H2O and produces hydroxyl radical (OH·), which is a stronger oxidizing agent than O3. Although this phenomenon occurs with O3 in the reaction process, the pH value of the reaction system greatly affects the amounts of OH· produced. A considerably larger amount of OH· is produced under alkaline conditions than under acidic conditions, and OH· will play a key role as an oxidizing agent under alkaline conditions. In this study, the precursor Ni(acac)2(TMEDA) included a TMEDA ligand, which was an organic base. Thus, TMEDA ligands might have created alkaline conditions in the surface reaction system, which increased OH· production and drove the surface reaction in the ALD process. And the higher activity of OH· than O3 that might have contributed to the considerable increase in the growth rate of the films."
}