{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "XPS",
    "UV–VIS",
    "H2-TPR",
    "XRD",
    "FT-IR",
    "SEM-EDS",
    "Four-point probe",
    "NMR",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "XRR",
    "AFM",
    "Profilometry",
    "SIMS",
    "EDX/EDS",
    "RBS",
    "FTIR"
  ],
  "evidence": "XPS and UV–VIS measurements of the catalysts revealed the presence of both Cr 6C and Cr3C. H2-TPR measurements were carried out in a down flow quartz tubular microreactor connected to a Balzars QMG 420 quadruple mass spectrometer. XRD measurements were done with a Siemens Diffrac 500 diffractometer and Cu Kα radiation. The catalysts were examined for oxidation state distribution of chromium (XPS and wet-chemical method), dispersion of CrOx (H2-TPR, solubility of Cr6C surface species, X-ray diffraction (XRD), and IR). The catalysts were measured as such after transferring them inertly from the calcination treatment into the measurement chamber. The spectrum of bulk a-Cr2O3 was measured with a Nicolet Magna-IR 560 spectrometer equipped with an in-situ chamber (Harrick HVC-DR2). The experiment was also performed by using water as a dissolving agent. The catalysts were XRD amorphous until 16 wt.% Cr, at which loading, a diffraction pattern of crystalline a-Cr2O3 appeared. The BET surface areas were determined by means of nitrogen adsorption and condensation (BET method) using Micromeritics ASAP 2400 equipment. X-ray photoelectron (XPS) spectra were measured with an X-probe model 101 spectrometer (Surface Science Instruments, VG Fisons) equipped with a monochromatized Al Kα X-ray source. The relative surface concentrations for the elements of interest were calculated from the Cr 2p3/2, Al2p, and O 1s signal intensities, using atomic sensitivity factors provided by the instrument manufacturer. A Nicolet Impact 400D FT-IR spectrometer was used for the diffuse reflectance spectroscopy measurements. The catalysts were measured as such after transferring them inertly from the calcination treatment into the measurement chamber. Spectra were recorded at a resolution of 2 cm−1 by signal averaging of 50 scans. The reference spectra were recorded from Cr(acac)3 (Riedel-deHaën, 99%), Al(acac)3 (Merck, >99%), and Cr(acetate) (Aldrich). The spectrum of bulk a-Cr2O3 (99%, Riedel-deHaën) was measured with a Nicolet Magna-IR 560 spectrometer equipped with an in-situ chamber (Harrick HVC-DR2). Spectra were recorded at room temperature (2 cm−1, 300 scans) after treatment of a-Cr2O3 in-situ at 500C for 1 h under a pressure of 10−5 kPa. The catalysts were XRD amorphous until 16 wt.% Cr, at which loading, a diffraction pattern of crystalline a-Cr2O3 appeared. The BET surface areas remained within 87% of the area of Al2O3 with increased Cr loading. The catalysts were measured as such after transferring them inertly from the calcination treatment into the measurement chamber. Spectra were recorded at a resolution of 2 cm−1 by signal averaging of 50 scans. The reference spectra were recorded from Cr(acac)3 (Riedel-deHaën, 99%), Al(acac)3 (Merck, >99%), and Cr(acetate) (Aldrich). The spectrum of bulk a-Cr2O3 (99%, Riedel-deHaën) was measured with a Nicolet Magna-IR 560 spectrometer equipped with an in-situ chamber (Harrick HVC-DR2). Spectra were recorded at room temperature (2 cm−1, 300 scans) after treatment of a-Cr2O3 in-situ at 500C for 1 h under a pressure of 10−5 kPa. The catalysts were XRD amorphous until 16 wt.% Cr, at which loading, a diffraction pattern of crystalline a-Cr2O3 appeared. The BET surface areas remained within 87% of the area of Al2O3 with increased Cr loading."
}