{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Raman spectroscopy",
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "X-ray absorption spectroscopy (XAS)",
    "High-energy X-ray diffraction (HE-XRD)",
    "Atomic pair distribution function (PDF) analysis",
    "Reverse Monte Carlo (RMC) modeling"
  ],
  "evidence": "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was performed on a Thermo Fischer k-Alpha+. The XPS data were analyzed using Thermo Avantage software , and all spectra were referenced to the C1s peak (284.8 eV). Fitting of the 2p and 3d peaks was constrained according to the spin-orbit split doublet peak areas and full-width half-maximum (FWHM) according to the relevant core level using a 30% mixed Gaussian-Lorentzian peak shape. Raman spectroscopy was performed at room temperature on a Renishaw inVia confocal microscope system calibrated to a Si standard using 20x objective and a 10 % neutral density filter with a 633 nm laser. Powder samples were imaged in a field emission JEOL 2100 transmission electron microscope (TEM) at 200 keV . XAS experiments were carried out at the Advanced Photon Source (APS) at Argonne National Laboratory on beamline 10-BM. Molybdenum foil was referenced, and a MoS2 bulk powder (< 2 μm, 99%, Sigma Aldrich) was also used to help determine the amplitude reduction factor, SO2, parameter. Powder was applied to Kapton tape and placed in the beam path . XAFS fitting was performed using the Demeter suite to view (Athena) and fit structural models (Artemis and Feff). HE- XRD measurements were carried out at the APS using beamline 11-ID-C with a PerkinElmer area detector and beam energy of 105 .7 keV. PDF analysis was performed using GSAS-II. Calibrations on beam center, sample-to-detector distance and detector tilting were performed with a NIST standard: CeO2, SRM674b. Full integration of the images was performed from 0.7 to 32 Q (Å -1, where Q = 4π sin(θ)/λ ). The data from blank CNT -OH samples were subtracted to remove any container and substrate effects. FullRMC, a reverse Monte Carlo calculation suite, was used to fit the PDF models to two starting atomic structures."
}