{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Raman spectroscopy",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Auger electron spectroscopy (AES)",
    "Electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS)",
    "Energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The film composition studied by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and Auger electron spectroscopy corresponded to a B:N stoichiometric ratio close to 1:1, and the band-gap value (5.65 eV) obtained by electron energy loss spectroscopy was consistent with the dielectric properties. The h-BN-containing capacitors were characterized by highly uniform properties, a reasonable dielectric constant (3), and low leakage current density, while graphene on h-BN substrates exhibited enhanced electrical performance such as the high carrier mobility and neutral Dirac voltage, which resulted from the low density of charged impurities on the h-BN surface. The Raman spectra were obtained for h-BN deposited at four different temperatures: 200, 250, 300, and 350 °C. The Raman peak was centered at 1374 cm−1 (which was close to the previously reported values for h-BN) and corresponded to the B-N E2g in-plane vibrational mode. The Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) data presented in Fig. 2b produced a similar region of the temperature limit for hexagonal bonding, which was consistent with the Raman spectra. The X-ray diffraction (XRD) spectrum containing the (002) and (101) peaks, which confirm the hexagonal atomic structure and are consistent with the electron diffraction pattern presented in Fig. 1f. The B 1 s and N 1 s X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) peaks are centered at 190.6 eV and 398.2 eV, respectively. The atomic ratio between the B and N elements calculated from the areas of the corresponding B 1 s and N 1 s spectra is equal to 0.94, which is close to the 1:1 stoichiometry of the h-BN film. The Auger electron spectroscopy (AES) measurements were performed to analyze the exact composition of the h-BN film. The estimated atomic ratio between the B and N species located below the Au passivation layer was equal to 0.96, which was consistent with the XPS results. The low-loss region of electron energy loss spectroscopy (EELS) spectrum, which shows that the obtained h-BN band-gap value (5.65 eV) corresponds to that of a dielectric material with the insulating property. The TEM image depicted in Fig. 1b shows that the root mean square (R rms) value of the surface roughness for the as-grown h-BN film with a size of 5 μ m × 5 μ m is 0.2 nm. The transmission electron microscopy (TEM) image obtained at low-magnification (Fig. 1c) also shows a highly flat surface with a uniform thickness. The high-magnification TEM image (Fig. 1d) displays the layered structure of the ALD-grown h-BN films indicating that the h-BN stacks are randomly distributed inside the film without any specific orientation. The electron diffraction pattern shown in Fig. 1e contains ring-shaped patterns rather than points from the (002) and (101) planes. The conformal deposition of thin films is a key technology for wider applications in electronics and photonics. The conformality of thin film deposition can be evaluated by using a narrow trench structure. Owing to the surface-limited characteristic of ALD, the conformal deposition of h-BN was performed on a trench sidewall as shown in Fig. 1f (the inset displays the cross-sectional SEM image of the trench with a width of 500 nm and aspect ratio of 6:1). The TEM image depicted in Fig. 1f displays the cross-sectional image of the trench sidewall containing a uniformly deposited h-BN film, while its energy dispersive spectroscopy (EDS) mapping analysis is shown in Supplementary Fig. 3. The electrical performance of the PE-ALD grown h-BN films was evaluated by fabricating metal/h-BN/semiconductor capacitors (where Al was used as metal and p-type Si as semiconductor). The capacitance-voltage (C-V) curves do not exhibit significant distortion or hysteresis, which indicates low levels of fixed or interface-trapped charge. The dielectric constant obtained from the maximum capacitance value was equal to 3, which was consistent with the previously reported dielectric constants for exfoliated (3–4) and CVD-grown h-BN (2–5). The leakage current density-voltage (I-V) curves and the leakage current density measured at an applied electric field of − 1 MV·cm−1 (10−6 A·cm−2), which is comparable with the previously reported values for CVD-grown h-BN. Figures 3c and d show the cumulative probabilities of the maximum and minimum capacitance and the leakage current densities measured at gate electric fields of − 3 and + 3 MV·cm−1, respectively. The obtained results exhibit very small variations of capacitances and leakage current densities among 10 different capacitors (below 4% on the log scale), indicating that highly uniform deposition of h-BN has been achieved due to the self-limiting nature of the ALD process, which is consistent with the saturated chemisorption of precursors at the surface of a deposition substrate. The Raman spectrum of transferred graphene, which confirms the successful graphene synthesis and transfer through the negligible D peak intensity and 2D/G intensity ratio of around 2. A representative transfer curve for the top-gate GFET fabricated on an h-BN substrate, which exhibits a typical V-shape without significant hysteresis. The carrier mobility values of graphene obtained from the transfer curves for 10 different transistors are shown in Fig. 4c. The obtained results exhibited a clear difference between the SiO2 and h-BN substrates (2,255 cm2·V−1·s−1 for SiO2 and 4,923 cm2·V−1·s−1 for h-BN). The observed enhancement of carrier mobility can be mainly attributed to the low density of charged impurities on the h-BN surface. The Dirac voltage (V Dirac) values measured for graphene on the SiO2 and h-BN substrates are equal to 0.9 V and − 0.2 V, respectively. Thus, graphene on the h-BN substrate is characterized by a V Dirac value close to 0 V, which indicates enhanced charge neutrality. The capacitance-voltage and (b) leakage current density-voltage curves for the capacitors. Cumulative probabilities of the (c) maximum and minimum values of capacitance and (d) leakage current density measured at applied gate electric fields of − 3 and + 3 MV·cm−1, respectively. The TEM images were obtained by using a Cs-corrected Titan TEM instrument (FEI), while the Raman spectra were recorded by a high-resolution dispersive Raman spectrometer equipped with a 514 nm Ar ion laser source (ARAMIS, Horiba Jobin Yvon). The 1H NMR spectrum was recorded on Bruker 400 MHz spectrometers. The capacitance-voltage curves were measured at ambient conditions using an Agilent 4284 A Precision LCR meter with an operational frequency of 1 MHz. The leakage current density values and transfer curves for the GFETs were obtained by using a chamber probe station (MST-1000B, MS Probe Station) and parameter analyzer (4200SCS, Keithley). A Raman spectrum for graphene transferred on a SiO2 substrate. A representative transfer curve for the GFET with an h-BN substrate. Carrier mobility and (d) Dirac voltage distributions for the GFETs containing SiO2 and h-BN substrates. The TEM images were obtained by using a Cs-corrected Titan TEM instrument (FEI), while the Raman spectra were recorded by a high-resolution dispersive Raman spectrometer equipped with a 514 nm Ar ion laser source (ARAMIS, Horiba Jobin Yvon). The 1H NMR spectrum was recorded on Bruker 400 MHz spectrometers. The capacitance-voltage curves were measured at ambient conditions using an Agilent 4284 A Precision LCR meter with an operational frequency of 1 MHz. The leakage current density values and transfer curves for the GFETs were obtained by using a chamber probe station (MST-1000B, MS Probe Station) and parameter analyzer (4200SCS, Keithley)."
}<|im_end|>