{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Dynamic Secondary-Ion Mass Spectroscopy (SIMS)",
    "High Resolution Transmission Electron Microscope (HRTEM)",
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry",
    "Capacitance–Voltage (C-V) measurement",
    "Leakage current density–voltage (Jg-V) measurement",
    "Flatband voltage (VFB) measurement",
    "Hysteresis characteristics measurement",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Postdeposition annealing (PDA)",
    "Electrochemical and Solid-State Letters (ECSSL) analysis"
  ],
  "evidence": "The microstructure of the films was observed by a high resolution transmission electron microscope (HRTEM) equipped with a field-emission gun. The chemical bonding states of the films and the interfaces were examined by high resolution XPS using monochromatic Al Kα (h = 1486.6 eV) as the X-ray source. The capacitance–voltage (C-V), leakage current density–voltage (Jg-V), flatband voltage (VFB), and hysteresis characteristics were examined using an Agilent 4284A precision LCR meter and a Keithley 4200 semiconductor parameter analyzer. The equivalent oxide thickness (EOT) was calculated from the accumulation capacitances measured at 100 kHz considering quantum mechanical effects. The depth profiles of metal impurities in the films were traced by dynamic secondary-ion mass spectroscopy (SIMS). The refractive index of the films was obtained using spectroscopic ellipsometry. The electrical properties were evaluated through capacitance–voltage (C-V) measurement, leakage current density–voltage (Jg-V) measurement, flatband voltage (VFB) measurement, and hysteresis characteristics measurement. Postdeposition annealing (PDA) was performed using a rapid thermal annealing process at 600°C in a N2 atmosphere for 30 s. The SIMS depth profiles of Cr impurities in films A and B were analyzed. The HRTEM micrographs of films A and B before and after PDA were examined. The Si 2p and Hf 4f core level XPS spectra for the two films before and after PDA were analyzed. The frequency dispersions of the capacitance for all the films were measured. The plot of Jg vs EOT for films A and B before and after PDA was created. The normalized C-V curves before and after constant voltage stress (CVS) were analyzed. The changes in the VFB and hysteresis values by CVS were summarized. The time-zero-dielectric-breakdown (TZDB) cumulative failure as a function of the breakdown field (Ebd) for films A and B before and after PDA was plotted."
}<|im_end|>