{
 "characterization_methods": ["X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)", "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)", "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)", "X-ray Reflectivity (X’Pert Pro)", "Scanning TEM Electron Energy Loss Spectroscopy (STEM-EELS)", "Ellipsometry", "X-ray Diffraction (SAD)", "Cross-sectional TEM", "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)"],
 "evidence": "Elemental compositions of the films were analyzed by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) in a PHI-Versaprobe (Physical electronics, USA) using Al Ka radiation (1486 eV). The instrument was equipped with Ar ion sputter guns for surface cleaning and depth profile analysis. ... The thickness of BaO and BTO films was determined according to an optical model fit to ellipsometer (Woollam, USA)28 measurements, and roughness was quantified via atomic force microscopy (AFM) (JSPM 5200, JEOL, USA). The thickness was confirmed using transmission electron microscopy (TEM) (Titan ETEM 300 kV, FEI, USA) and X-ray reflectivity (X’Pert Pro, PANalytical, Netherlands). ... High resolution TEM images were taken at 300 kV accelerating voltage with spherical aberration correction. ... For BaO thickness measurement, lack of contrast difference between amorphous C and BaO films made it difficult to directly find out the thickness of the films, hence, scanning TEM electron energy loss spectroscopy (STEM-EELS) was performed across the interface at the top, side, and bottom of the trench. ... The XPS depth profile reflects the overall quantitative Ba and O compositional uniformity. ... Cross-sectional, HRTEM images of the interface area show their uniform coverage with ultrathin ALD BaO. ... Selected-area TEM diffraction (SAD) pattern in ESI, † Fig. S9 shows absence of any diffraction rings supporting that our films are largely amorphous. ... Cross sectional TEM images reveal the morphology of the films. ... The thickness of BaO and BTO films was determined according to an optical model fit to ellipsometer (Woollam, USA)28 measurements, and roughness was quantified via atomic force microscopy (AFM) (JSPM 5200, JEOL, USA)."
}<|im_end|>