{
 "reaction_equations": [
   "ALD of ZnO film using DEZ and H 2O proceeds by donating two H + ions from two H 2O molecules to the C 2H5 ligands of the DEZ molecules, resulting in the release of two C 2H6 molecules and forming Zn(OH) 2 species on the surface.",
   "The produced Zn metal ion may react with either the produced H 2O to produce Zn(OH) 2, or with the oxygen atoms or O 3 molecules to form ZnO."
 ],
 "surface_mechanism_description": "The ALD reaction proceeds via the direct oxidation of the adsorbed DEZ molecules by O 3, forming CO 2 and H 2O molecules. The produced H 2O may play a major role in the ALD reaction. However, the ALD reaction was governed by some other mechanism than the usual OH/C0group-mediated one. The following reaction mechanism was assumed for the O 3-based-ALD process of ZnO films: CO x and H 2O are produced by the reaction between the hydrocarbons and the input O 3. Then, the produced Zn metal ion may react with either the produced H 2O to produce Zn(OH) 2, or with the oxygen atoms or O 3 molecules to form ZnO. During the next step of DEZ pulse, the DEZ molecules may react with the excess oxygen ions on the surface, or the Zn ions of the DEZ may directly bond chemically to the O ions of the grown ZnO film. In the next step, the residual hydrocarbon of the DEZ molecules are removed by O 3.",
 "intermediate_species": [
   "Zn(OH) 2",
   "CO x",
   "H 2O",
   "Zn metal ion",
   "O 3 molecules",
   "excess oxygen ions"
 ],
 "evidence": "ALD of ZnO film using DEZ and H 2O proceeds by donating two H + ions from two H 2O molecules to the C 2H5 ligands of the DEZ molecules, resulting in the release of two C 2H6 molecules and forming Zn(OH) 2 species on the surface. However, it was believed that, for the case of O 3, which is a very strong oxidant, the ALD reaction proceeds via the simple oxidation of the adsorbed DEZ molecules. It can be considered that the O 3 burns the hydrocarbon ligands and forms CO 2 and H 2O molecules. Then, the produced H 2O may play a major role in the ALD reaction. The following reaction mechanism was assumed for the O 3-based-ALD process of ZnO films. CO x and H 2O are produced by the reaction between the hydrocarbons and the input O 3. Then, the produced Zn metal ion may react with either the produced H 2O to produce Zn(OH) 2, or with the oxygen atoms or O 3 molecules to form ZnO."
}