{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Time-of-Flight-Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (TOF-SIMS)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Tempest (XTEM)",
    "Electron Energy Loss Spectroscopy (EELS)",
    "Capacitance-Voltage (C-V) measurement",
    "Leakage current measurement"
  ],
  "evidence": "Time-of-Flight-Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (TOF-SIMS) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM) analysis indicated that all pre-treatments result in good film coverage with no interaction between HfO2 and silicon at the silicon substrate. The as deposited ALD HfO2 film is mainly amorphous, continuous, and relatively smooth on all pretreated Si surface. The thickness of a thin interfacial layer varies depending on the particular pre-treatments. XTEM images showed that the ALD La2O3 films are mostly amorphous. Electrical characterization using evaporated platinum electrodes and mercury probe of the high-k film stacks have been carried out to determine the impact of the pre-treatments on the electrical properties of the films. Results indicated that ALD HfO2 films have higher dielectric constant, lower leakage and better flatband voltage stability during post deposition annealing compared to ALD La2O3 films. XPS analysis showed that stoichiometric La2O3 is formed. The growth rate is calculated from the slope of the line and is summarized in Table IV. The capacitance-voltage curves are well behaved but shift significantly with annealing. A negative shift of the flatband voltage is observed with increasing annealing temperature. The leakage-current curves for La2O3 show similar leakage current densities for La2O3 before and after annealing at 550 °C. A slight reduction in leakage current density is observed after annealing at 900 °C. The plot showing a smaller change in flat band voltage for HfO2 compared to La2O3 films is shown in Fig. 9. This data indicate that HfO2 is thermally more stable than La2O3. MOSCAPs using a shadow masked platinum gate were fabricated to study electrical characteristics of La2O3 dielectrics. The capacitance-voltage and leakage current density-voltage curves are plotted in Fig. 8. The capacitance-voltage curves are well behaved but shift significantly with annealing. A negative shift of the flatband voltage is observed with increasing annealing temperature. The interaction between La and the Si substrate could contribute to the observed shifts in flatband voltage. The leakage-current curves for La2O3 show similar leakage current densities for La2O3 before and after annealing at 550 °C. A slight reduction in leakage current density is observed after annealing at 900 °C. The leakage current of La2O3 after 900 °C anneal is comparable to that of the 15 Å SiO2 control. The negative shift in flatband voltage in the capacitance-voltage curves shown in Fig. 9 is also observed with HfO2 film but is significantly smaller than in the case of La2O3. A plot showing a smaller change in flat band voltage for HfO2 compared to La2O3 films is shown in Fig. 9. This data indicate that HfO2 is thermally more stable than La2O3."
}<|im_end|>