{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The self-limited growth implies that even at 120 rpm no significant gas phase mixing occurs between the columns III and V reactant gases. Submonolayer growth at 2 pm/h (T=550 “C, see Fig. 3) was determined not to result from an AsH3 deficiency due to the short 85 ms exposure. This was concluded after doubling the ASH3 input flow resulted in no change of the growth rate for a 0.8 ML/cycle point. Instead, we can infer that a reaction rate limiting step due to the column III reactant, TMGa, exists. This may be due to the reduced effective temperature of the injected gases (TMGa+H2) above the substrate during the transient heating process during this very short exposure time. Also, for the same TMGa flux the decomposition of TMGa to MMGa at the substrate surface is more efficient at higher substrate temperatures thus leading to the monolayer coverage. It is currently believed that MMGa is the adsorbed surface species that leads to the self-limiting ALE process.",
  "intermediate_species": ["MMGa"],
  "evidence": "The self-limited growth implies that even at 120 rpm no significant gas phase mixing occurs between the columns III and V reactant gases. Submonolayer growth at 2 pm/h (T=550 “C, see Fig. 3) was determined not to result from an AsH3 deficiency due to the short 85 ms exposure. This was concluded after doubling the ASH3 input flow resulted in no change of the growth rate for a 0.8 ML/cycle point. Instead, we can infer that a reaction rate limiting step due to the column III reactant, TMGa, exists. This may be due to the reduced effective temperature of the injected gases (TMGa+H2) above the substrate during the transient heating process during this very short exposure time. Also, for the same TMGa flux the decomposition of TMGa to MMGa at the substrate surface is more efficient at higher substrate temperatures thus leading to the monolayer coverage. It is currently believed that MMGa is the adsorbed surface species that leads to the self-limiting ALE process."
}