{
  "characterization_methods": ["X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)", "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)", "Grazing Incidence X-ray Scattering (GI-XRD)", "Ellipsometry", "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)", "Scanning Transmission Electron Microscopy (STEM)", "Electron Probe Microanalysis with Wavelength Dispersive Spectroscopy (WDS-EPMA)", "Four-point probe", "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)", "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS) depth profiling"],
  "evidence": "The as-deposited PrAlO3 films on all substrates were amorphous, had smooth surfaces, and contained <0.5% carbon, as analyzed by grazing incidence wide-angle X-ray scattering, X-ray reflectivity, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, respectively. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) measurements were conducted on ~41 nm thick PrAlO3 films deposited on Si and SiO2 substrates with 250 cycles at 300 °C to determine the purity of the PrAlO3 films and the chemical states of the elements. XRR data were also used to determine surface roughness and mass densities. XPS was performed with a Thermo Scientific Kα XPS spectrometer using a microfocused monochromatic Al Kα X-ray source. The XPS depth profile was performed using an argon ion source to sputter the film. A Cameca SX51 electron microprobe equipped with wavelength dispersive spectroscopy was used to deduce the compositions of the amorphous films. The Pr:Al ratios in the PrAlO3 films were determined more precisely using electron probe microanalysis with X-ray wavelength dispersive spectroscopy (WDS-EPMA). X-ray diffraction (XRD) was used to investigate the crystallinity of the Pr2O3 and PrAlO3 films on Si with native oxide and thermal SiO2 substrates. Grazing incidence X-ray scattering (GI-XRD) was used to characterize the as-deposited PrAlO3 thin film. Scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM) with methods described in the supporting information was used to characterize the as-deposited PrAlO3/SrTiO3 interface. The crystallinity of the PrAlO3 film was characterized by X-ray diffraction (XRD) after annealing at 800 °C for 3 h. The epitaxial relationship between the crystallized PrAlO3 film and the (001) SrTiO3 substrate was further examined by conducting a θ-2θ scan with 0.04° step size in 2θ along the Qz direction of the SrTiO3 substrate. The rocking curve scan of the PrAlO3 (001) reflection was used to determine the full width at half maximum (FWHM) width. The in-plane orientation of the crystallized PrAlO3 layer was probed by measuring the azimuthal angle dependence of the diffracted intensity from the 103 family of PrAlO3 X-ray reflections. The film thicknesses were measured using cross-sectional SEM on a JEOL-6510LV scanning electron microscope in a minimum of three different positions in the film. Film thicknesses were additionally determined using ellipsometry on a J. A. Woollam Co. Alpha-SE ellipsometer and with XRR using a Panalytical X’Pert MRD with monochromatic Cu Kα1 X-ray radiation at a wavelength of 1.5406 Å."
}<|im_end|>