{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "TEM",
    "XRR",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "AFM",
    "Four-point probe",
    "SIMS",
    "XPS",
    "EDX/EDS",
    "RBS",
    "FTIR",
    "SEM",
    "Plan-view TEM",
    "Cross-sectional TEM"
  ],
  "evidence": "Plan-view TEM images along with the deduced linear grain boundary intercept lengths are shown in Fig. 1. ... The linear intercept length g = 9.3 ± 1.5 nm was obtained from cross-sectional TEM images along the length of the wire (Fig. 2a). ... The thickness dependence of the resistivity of ALD Ru films on SiO2 with and without the 0.3 nm TiN adhesion layer is shown in Fig. 1d. ... The resistivity of Ru wires was computed using the parameters obtained from the resistivity modeling of ALD Ru films as inputs to a modified MS model adapted for rectangular nanowires, and showed good agreement with the experimental data. ... The resistivity of Cu wires was computed as a function of the cross-sectional area using p = 0.05 and R = 0.22 as obtained from the resistivity modeling of thin Cu films reported elsewhere. ... The area dependence of the resistivity of Cu wires was found to be stronger than that of Ru wires due to its larger mean free path. ... The resistivity of Ru wires was computed using the parameters obtained from the resistivity modeling of ALD Ru films as inputs to a modified MS model adapted for rectangular nanowires, and showed good agreement with the experimental data. ... The resistivity of Cu wires was computed as a function of the cross-sectional area using p = 0.05 and R = 0.22 as obtained from the resistivity modeling of thin Cu films reported elsewhere. ... The resistivity of Ru wires was computed using the parameters obtained from the resistivity modeling of ALD Ru films as inputs to a modified MS model adapted for rectangular nanowires, and showed good agreement with the experimental data. ... The resistivity of Cu wires was computed as a function of the cross-sectional area using p = 0.05 and R = 0.22 as obtained from the resistivity modeling of thin Cu films reported elsewhere. ... The resistivity of Ru wires was computed using the parameters obtained from the resistivity modeling of ALD Ru films as inputs to a modified MS model adapted for rectangular nanowires, and showed good agreement with the experimental data. ... The resistivity of Cu wires was computed as a function of the cross-sectional area using p = 0.05 and R = 0.22 as obtained from the resistivity modeling of thin Cu films reported elsewhere."
}