{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The replication technique is outlined in Figure 2 . First, the master is coated with conformal Al2 O3 films by atomic layer deposition. The deposition cycle was repeated 250–1800 times and allowed for tunable film thicknesses of the sacrificial layer. The resulting sample was spin-coated with 8–40% polystyrene (PS) and polymethylmethacrylate (PMMA) solutions in CH2Cl2 , and the sacrificial layer removed in 10–20% H3PO4 solution. The polymer replica is mechanically stable and can be re-detached from the substrate with a drop of distilled water, despite of its thickness being only 2–5 μm. Thick polymer bases may be applied to obtain free standing replicas with good mechanical stability and elasticity for easy handling even on curved surfaces. Figure 3 depicts various linear grating polymer replicas with ridge widths w of 293, 148, and 88 nm, respectively. The same master has been reused for all replicas, after rinsing with CH2Cl2 and drying. The linear quartz grating master used in this study has a period p of 450 nm, ridge width w of ca. 110 nm (filling factor F : ca. 0.25), and a height h of ca. 1.1 μm. The period of the replicas is identical to the period of the master. The height of the master grating could also be retained in the replicas, providing gratings with high aspect ratios (w / h) of ca. 1:3, 1:7, and 1:12, respectively. To obtain such a large variation of the replica grating width, the template was coated with 250, 1500, and 1800 cycles of Al2 O3 . Hence, by varying the number of the ALD cycles, one can easily tune the ridge width of the replica, making FlexRep a versatile replication technique. High stability of the polymer grating replicas has been observed over large areas. The template grating has a 7 × 7 mm2 dimension. The grating replica with 88 nm width tended to adhere at the edge and break regions, and locally two adjacent grids were merged. Lower magnification SEM images ( Figure 4 ) show that far from the edge, this polymer grating is free of defects. Noteworthy, FlexRep achieved a replica grating in a stable polymer with a ridge width smaller than the width of the quartz master structure."
}