{
 "characterization_methods": [
   "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy",
   "Infrared spectroscopy",
   "Atomic-force microscopy",
   "Contact-angle goniometry",
   "Ellipsometry",
   "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy",
   "FTIR reflection-absorption spectroscopy",
   "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy",
   "Atomic-force microscopy",
   "FTIR transmission spectroscopy",
   "Atomic-force microscopy"
 ],
 "evidence": "The surface chemistry and the morphological characteristics of the SAMs were examined by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, infrared spectroscopy, atomic-force microscopy, and contact-angle goniometry. ... The total thickness of each alumina film was 58.5 nm. A spectrum from an uncoated alumina sample treated and rinsed with the same solvents was used as a background reference for the SAMs. ... FTIR reflection-absorption spectra of the alkylsiloxane SAMs on alumina surfaces were obtained using a Nexus 870 FTIR ... Spectra from SAMs prepared on aluminum oxide surfaces were compared to a reference IR transmission spectrum of a thicker polyoctadecylsiloxane solid prepared on KBr. ... The morphology of the aluminum oxide surface was examined by atomic-force microscopy prior to the deposition of the SAMs and after various formation times. ... Advancing water contact angles were measured on a VCA Optima (Coast Products, Inc.) contact-angle goniometer. ... A Digital Instruments Nanoscope III atomic-force microscope operating in tapping mode at a scan frequency of 2 Hz was used to obtain topographic images of the clean and SAM-derived alumina surfaces. ... The survey and narrow scan X-ray photoelectron spectra of an alumina surface modified with a densely packed SAM, are shown in Fig. 2a and b, respectively. ... IR transmission was used to confirm the trends indicated by the XPS results. ... The morphology of the aluminum oxide surface was examined by atomic-force microscopy prior to the deposition of the SAMs and after various formation times to provide information about the SAM growth process."
}