{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "time-resolved photoluminescence",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "RHEED (Reflection High-Energy Electron Diffraction)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Hall Effect",
    "C-V measurement"
  ],
  "evidence": "The samples have been investigated by further optical methods including time-resolved photoluminescence under resonant excitation at 4.2 K. ... They observed nonfaceted, lentil-shaped QDs of typically 20–30 nm diameter that showed strong Ostwald ripening at room temperature if they were not buried beneath a ZnSe cap layer. ... However, standard AFM alone usually gives no information about the composition of the dots ... Therefore, it is more advisable to rely on optical investigations combined with transmission electron microscopy (TEM) measurements for a true evaluation. ... The low-energy region of the spectrum shows a large number of overlapping Lorentzian-shaped lines ... The efﬁciency of the capture of excitons in the deeper QD potential mirrors in the strongly-reduced lifetime (20–30 ps) of the wetting layer (WL) emission as compared to standard QWs with typically 100–400 ps. ... The RHEED recovers quickly to 2D (typically after 5–10 nm) indicating that the ZnSe ﬁlls in the gaps between the islands. ... The light was detected by a Hamamatsu streak camera with a multichannel, plate enhanced CCD array (HPD-TA). ... The overall time resolution of the system is 5 ps. ... The piezoelectric effect plays a more important role in II-VI semiconductors than it does in III-Vs. ... Several features of the spectra are noteworthy and directly reﬂect the properties of the QDs. ... A further indication of the QD character of our emission is the halfwidth of the peak versus time shown in Fig. 5B. ... The QDs investigated here have other quite outstanding properties as most samples show bright luminescence at room temperature."
}