{
 "deposition_temperature_C": "350-570",
 "pressure": "",
 "precursor_pulse_time_s": null,
 "coreactant_pulse_time_s": null,
 "purge_time_s": null,
 "number_of_cycles": "5",
 "reactor_type": "",
 "evidence": "The synthesis of titania-silica species was carried out by successive chemisorption of titanium tetrachloride and tetraethoxysilane vapors on silica surface. It was shown that in IR spectra of the silica treated with TiC14 and Si(OEt)4, a new band at 2800-3000 cm -I occurs, which may be due to the reaction: ~Si-O-TiCI 3 + (EtO) 4 Si § ~Si-O-Ti-O-Si(OEt)3 + C2H5CI (i) The formation of ethyl chloride was confirmed by mass-spectrometry. The sequential action of titanium tetrachloride vapor on the samples causes the attenuation of C-H vibrations vCH and 6CH: this proves the reaction of TiC14 on the residual Si-O-C bonds (Fig. i). For the residual ester groups to be taken off, treatment of the samples with water vapor was carried out at higher temperatures as the last step. It can be assumed that in the samples prepared the titanium atoms are tetrahedrically surrounded (with oxygen atoms), so that they exhibit electron-acceptor properties. These centers were studied by the adsorption of acetonitrile. In the IR spectra of adsorbed acetonitrile confirm the presence of electron-acceptor centers on the modified silica surface (Fig. i). Similar changes were also observed in the spectra of acetonitrile adsorbed on silica samples treated with trimethoxy-borate and phosphoryl trichloride. In the IR spectra of silica modified with trimethoxy-borate after treatment with POCI 3 vapors, the intensity of the -I vCH and 6CH bands decreases, and a new band at 1305 cm appears. In accordance with, it can be assigned to ~P=O in the species with P-C1 bonds (Fig. 2) Nevertheless, the VB_ O band at 1400-1300 cm -I decreases and it becomes wider. These facts testify to the reaction . i ~Si-O-B-O-CH 3 + O=PCI 3 § =Si-O-B-O-POCI 2 + CH3CI (i r The formation of the methyl chloride was confirmed by mass-spectrometry of the gas phase in contact with the sample. (2) The subsequent introduction of vapors of trimethoxy-borate was followed by increasing vCH and 6CH band intensities, the intensity of Vp= O band being decreased. This is in accord with the chemical interaction of trimethylborate with the residual P-C1 bonds. The contact of the POCI 3 vapor with the surface of such a sample was followed by decreasing intensity of the vCH and ~CH bands. This confirms the repeated proceeding of reaction 2 (see Fig. 2). Alternative treatment with both modifiers results in the formation of chemically bonded surface boron phosphate (by molecular layering procedure). The investigations of the structure of the boron phosphate species was carried out by lIB and31p MAS NMR spectroscopy.* * 611B and 631p were measured with respect to B(OMe) 3 and 80% water solution of H3PO 4, respectively. So, in liB NMR spectra of the samples prepared by sequential chemisorption of trimethoxyborate and phosphoryl-trichloride, BO a sharp band characteristic for a tetrahedral 4 species was recorded (Fig. 3a). The chemical shift of lIB atoms (at -22.7 ppm) is very close to the 611B value in crystalline boron phosphate (-22.0 ppm). The NMR spectra of the samples prepared by i-, 2- and 5-fold sequential vapor chemisorption of trimethoxyborate and phosphoryl trichloride are not practically distinguished either in the chemical shift or in the band width (Fig. 3a). In the 31p NMR spectra of the silica treated with trimethoxyborate and phosphoryl-trichloride vapors a relatively sharp band at -11.8 ppm was observed (see Fig. 3b, I). For the sample treated twice this band becomes broader and shifts to -14.0 ppm (Fig. 3b). If the sample was successively treated with both modifiers 5 times, the band became very wide and its chemical shift (-29.0 ppm) came closer to that of 631p in BPO 4 (-30.0 ppm). The broadening of the bands may be associated both with the presence of residual P-C1 bonds and with the amorphous structure of boron phosphate compounds. It is known that the synthesis of crystalline BPO 4 in liquid phase must be followed by heating of the samples at 300500 ~ [I]. So the silica covered with boron phosphate coating was heated at 350-570 ~ For all the 31p NMR spectra of the 5-fold treated samples, the positions of the bands coincide with those of pure BPO 4. In the lIB NMR spectra of the same sample two bands are observed. The sharp one may be assigned to BO 4 species in BPO 4 and the broader one - to trigonal fragments of BO 3 in boric anhydride (Fig. 3). This is evidence that in the samples prepared the B to P molar ratio is greater than 1.0. As was shown by quantitative chemical analysis, the ratio varies from 2 to 3, depending upon the conditions of the reaction. After heating of the samples, the species are transformed to boron phosphate and boric anhydride. The latter can be removed by washing with water. In the lIB and 31p NMR spectra of the samples, after washing the bands observed are identical with those of BPO 4. So the synthesis of multicomponent oxide layers on the silica surface via successive chemisorption of oxohalide and orthoester vapor was shown to be suitable."
}<|im_end|>