{
  "precursors": ["trimethylgallium (TMG)", "ethyldimethylindium (EdMin)"],
  "coreactants": ["NH3"],
  "purge_gas": ["N2"],
  "carrier_gas": ["N2"],
  "evidence": "The InxGa12xN ternary alloys have direct band gaps that cover the entire visible range, and are thus ideal candidates for active layers in light emitting devices. Despite such potential applications, there is a paucity of research on the epitaxial growth of InxGa12xN films. Problems with these In related compounds which have hindered their progress can be due to several reasons, for example, the high nitrogen vapor pressure which is required in order to prevent the dissociation of the In–N bond. This problem is compounded when NH3 is used as the nitrogen source, due to its inefficient thermal cracking at low temperatures. Another problem arises from parasitic gas phase reactions which occur between hydrides and In based organometallic compounds, which seem to be more severe for NH3 as compared to PH3 and AsH3. The above difficulties in the growth of InxGa12xN can be partially addressed by utilizing low growth temperatures in metalorganic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD) or molecular beam epitaxy (MBE). However, this has led to films with poor quality. For example, high values of x were obtained by MOCVD at growth temperatures between 500 and 700 °C, however, with photoluminescence (PL) dominated by deep levels. Recently, films with better optical quality have been grown at growth temperatures of about 800 °C. However, only low values of x, less than 24%, were achieved, and a very high trimethylindium (TMI) vapor pressure relative to trimethylgallium (TMG) was used to achieve these high values of x. The ALE system is based on the rotating susceptor approach previously described for other III–V compounds and schematically shown in Fig. 1. Source gases NH3, and the metalorganics TMG, trimethylaluminum (TMA), or ethyldimethylindium (EdMin) are flowing continuously and the sapphire substrate rotates between the two streams of gases."
}<|im_end|>