{
 "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS)",
    "Time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOF-ERDA)",
    "Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "X-ray Rocking Curve",
    "Four-point probe",
    "X-ray Fluorescence Spectroscopy (XRF)",
    "Optical Spectroscopy (transmittance and reflectance)",
    "Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM)",
    "High-resolution XPS"
  ],
  "evidence": "Thicknesses and refractive indices of the films were determined by fitting the measured optical spectra as described by Ylilammi and Ranta-aho. AFM measurements were carried out by using a Nanoscope III atomic force microscope... The XRD patterns of annealed films contained peaks, which were identified as of a La4Ga2O9 phase... Two complementary ion beam techniques, Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS) and time-of-flight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOF-ERDA) were used to determine the film composition and stoichiometry... Depth profiles of lanthanum, gallium, carbon, silicon and magnesium were measured with a VG IX70S double focusing magnet sector secondary ion mass spectrometer... The surface composition of the films was determined by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)... The XRF analysis results were calibrated by plotting the XRF La/Ga ratio against the La/Ga ratio measured by RBS and TOF-ERDA... The binding energies were corrected afterwards using the C–C bond in the C 1s signal at 285.0 eV as an internal standard... Depth proﬁles of lanthanum, gallium, carbon, silicon and magnesium were measured with a VG IX70S double focusing magnet sector secondary ion mass spectrometer... The XRD pattern of the LaGaO3 film grown on LaAlO3(100) and annealed at 850 uC for 30 minutes... The rocking curve scan of the (200) LaGaO3 reﬂection of a film deposited on LaAlO3(100) is shown... The full-width at half-maximum (FWHM) value of 0.183 u proves that the LaGaO3(100) film on LaAlO3(100) is of high quality and epitaxial. Furthermore, the surface roughness was only 1.1 nm, as determined by AFM... The X-ray rocking curve of the (200) reflection having a full-width at half-maximum (FWHM) of 0.183 u and by the AFM surface roughness of 1.1 nm."
}<|im_end|>