{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "The bluish green emission is associated with vacancies in the Ga2O3 cores, such as gallium (Ga) vacancies, oxygen (O) vacancies and Ga-O vacancy pairs. The emission is enhanced by thermal annealing in an H2/N2 atmosphere due to the decrease in O concentration in the cores, leading to an increase in O vacancies. In contrast, annealing in an O2 atmosphere increases O concentration, leading to an increase in Ga vacancies and degradation of the bluish green emission, while a red emission appears. Annealing in an N2 atmosphere leads to a red shift in emission to ~700 nm, attributed to the recombination of electrons trapped on acceptors due to nitrogen dopants replacing oxygen atoms in the lattice and the increase in O concentration in the core region.",
  "intermediate_species": ["O vacancies", "Ga vacancies", "nitrogen dopants replacing O atoms"],
  "evidence": "The bluish green emission was reported to be associated with the vacancies in the Ga2O3 cores, such as gallium (Ga) vacancies, oxygen (O) vacancies and Ga-O vacancy pairs. Binet and Courier reported that this emission could be produced by a tunnel recombination of an electron on a donor with a hole on an acceptor which could be either a Ga vacancy (V Ga) or a charged Ga or O vacancy. Vacancies seem to be easily generated as the Ga2O3 nanowires were synthesized by thermal evaporation of GaN powders at a temperature as high as 1050 °C in this work. The O concentration in the Ga2O3 core regions decreases during N2/H2 annealing. The decrease in the O concentration in the cores, in turn, leads to an increase in the concentration of O vacancies, resulting in the enhancement in the bluish green emission. On the other hand, the bluish green emission intensity is decreased, but a red emission newly appears in the Ga2O3/SnO2 coaxial nanowires annealed in an O2 atmosphere. The O concentration in the Ga2O3 core region is significantly increased by O2 annealing. The increase in the O concentration in the cores, in turn, leads to an increase in the concentrations of Ga vacancies, resulting in enhancement in the red emission. Annealing in a N2 atmosphere leads to a red shift of the emission to ~700 nm. This red shift originates from the recombination of electrons trapped on acceptors due to the nitrogen dopants replacing oxygen atoms in the lattice as well as the increase in the O concentration in the core region."
}<|im_end|>