{
  "target_material": "Hf–Y–O",
  "process_type": "ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["hafnium chloride (HfCl4)", "tris(methylcyclopentadienyl)yttrium (Cp(CH3)3Y)"],
  "temperature_range": "260–420 /C176C",
  "summary": "The study investigates the microstructure and stress of high-k Hf–Y–O thin films deposited by atomic layer deposition (ALD). The films are stabilized with yttrium oxide by alternating Hf- or Y-containing metal precursors during deposition. The microstructure and stress are analyzed using XRD, TEM, and substrate curvature measurements. The films show crystallinity dependent on deposition temperature, film thickness, and yttrium content. The highest dielectric constant (k = 29) and minimal thermal expansion coefficient mismatch to TiN electrodes are observed for films with a Hf:Y cycle ratio of 10:1.",
  "evidence": "We investigated the microstructure and the stress of high- k Hf–Y–O thin ﬁlms deposited by atomic layer deposition (ALD). These hafnium oxide based ﬁlms with a thickness of 5–60 nm stabilized in crystal structure with yttrium oxide by alternating the Hf- or Y-containing metal precursor during deposition. The microstructure was investigated by XRD and TEM in dependence of substrate and deposition temperature. The ﬁlm stress was monitored during thermal cycles up to 500 /C176C using the substrate curvature method on (1 0 0)-Si wafer material with or without 10 nm TiN bottom electrode as well as on fused silica. It was observed that crystallinity and phases are depending on deposition temperature and ﬁlm thickness. During thermal treatment the ﬁlms crystallize depending on deposition temperature, yttrium content and substrate material at different temperatures. Crystallization of the ﬁlms depends strongly on yttrium content. The highest reduction of 720 MPa was observed for ﬁlms deposited with a Hf:Y cycle ratio of 10:1 where 6.2% of all metal atoms are replaced by yttrium. These Hf–Y–O ﬁlms also show the highest k-value of 29 and have the smallest thermal expansion coefﬁcient mismatch to TiN electrodes."
}