. This is in contrast to the results obtained for the two
transition metal nitrides where the same material phase (monoclinic HfNx and cubic TiNx) was
formed at all surface orientations. This suggests that the effect of ion-surface interactions during
PEALD can be highly material and/or process specific. This is further supported by the results
obtained for SiOx and SiNx where the material properties were not significantly affected by
substrate biasing. The results also suggest that the material properties of SiOx and SiNx are
primarily influenced by the bond energy of the respective material. This is in line with the
observation that Si–O has the highest bond energy among the six materials investigated in this
work. The results also suggest that the crystallization temperature of a material could be a factor
in determining the material property variation with substrate biasing. This is because the
crystallization temperature of SiOx and SiNx is much higher than that of the transition metal
compounds. This could be a reason why the material properties of SiOx and SiNx showed a one
stage behavior compared to the two stage behavior of the transition metal compounds whose
crystalline properties (phase, volume fraction) varied with enhanced ion energies.
Page 71 of 107
ACS Paragon Plus Environment
ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces

CONCLUSIONS
The results obtained in this work demonstrate that substrate biasing during PEALD can be used
to tune a wide range of material properties of oxide and nitride thin-films. The effects of ion
surface interactions during PEALD can be controlled by varying the magnitude and duration of
substrate biasing. This can be used to achieve desired material properties for specific applications.
Furthermore, the implementation of substrate biasing during PEALD can enable the formation of
crystalline materials at low temperatures where PEALD without biasing typically yields amorphous
films. This eliminates the need for specific substrate surfaces to deposit high temperature
crystalline phase materials at low temperatures. The results also suggest that the material
properties of SiOx and SiNx are primarily influenced by the bond energy of the respective
material. This is in line with the observation that Si–O has the highest bond energy among the six
materials investigated in this work. The results also suggest that the crystallization temperature of
a material could be a factor in determining the material property variation with substrate biasing.
This is because the crystallization temperature of SiOx and SiNx is much higher than that of the
transition metal compounds. This could be a reason why the material properties of SiOx and SiNx
showed a one stage behavior compared to the two stage behavior of the transition metal
compounds whose crystalline properties (phase, volume fraction) varied with enhanced ion
energies.
```

</think>

{
  "substrate_material": "c-Si (100)",
  "substrate_orientation": "100",
  "pretreatment": "Heating to 150 °C for 30 minutes prior to deposition",
  "surface_functionalization": "Native oxide layer (1.5 nm) for dielectric materials; thick thermal oxide layer (450 nm) for conductive materials",
  "evidence": "Unless otherwise stated, the planar substrates used for depositing films with and without substrate biasing were single side polished (SSP) c-Si (100) substrates having a thin native oxide layer (∼1.5 nm) for dielectric materials and SSP c-Si (100) substrates having a thick thermal oxide layer (∼450 nm) for conductive materials."
}<|im_end|>