{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Grazing Incidence X-ray Diffraction (GIXRD)",
    "Field Emission Scanning Electron Microscopy (FESEM)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS)",
    "Photocurrent Spectroscopy",
    "Linear Sweep Voltammetry",
    "Transmittance Spectroscopy",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Film crystallinity and phase was determined with a PANalytical X’Pert PRO MPD X-ray diffractometer using Cu K /H9251-radiation. Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD) measurements were performed using a Göbel mirror and 0.18◦ parallel plate collimator, and the incident angle was 1◦. Film morphology was studied with a Hitachi S-4800 field emission scanning electron microscope (FESEM). For AFM studies a Veeco Instruments Multimode V with Nanoscope V controller was used. Electrochemical impedance spectroscopy was conducted using Solartron SI1286 electrochemical interface and Solartron SI1250 frequency response analyzer. The absorbance spectra of methylene blue in different stages of photoelectrocatalytic (PEC) degradation are shown in Fig. 1. The decrease of MB absorbance maximum at 665 nm as a function of degradation time is shown for photocatalysis (PC) and PEC in Fig. 2. Photocurrent spectra were measured using a 300 W Xe lamp (Oriel 6259) as an irradiation source, and the wavelength was selected using a monochromator (Oriel 77700). Linear sweep photovoltammograms of all the films are shown in Fig. 12. Photocurrent spectra are shown in Fig. 14. The photocurrent densities are much smaller in the SE case because the radiation has to penetrate the borosilicate/ITO substrate before reaching the film. The absorbance spectra of methylene blue in different stages of photoelectrocatalytic (PEC) degradation are shown in Fig. 1. Transmittance spectra of the films grown on borosilicate were measured with a Hitachi U-2000 spectrophotometer in a wavelength range of 190–1 100 nm."
}<|im_end|>