{
 "characterization_methods": [
   "X-ray reﬂectivity (XRR)",
   "Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD)",
   "X-ray ﬂuorescence spectrometry (XRF)",
   "Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS)",
   "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
   "Spectroscopic ellipsometry",
   "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
   "High resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM)",
   "Fourier transformation"
 ],
 "evidence": "To determine thickness and density of the ZTOﬁlms, X-ray reﬂectivity (XRR) measurements were done in a Philips X'pert MRD system (measurement errors are estimated to be within 5 relative percent). The same diffractometer was used for grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD) measurements using Cu K α radiation at diffractometer settings of 45 kV and 40 mA, respectively. The relative composition of the ZTO ﬁlms when deposited on glass substrates were analyzed by X-ray ﬂuorescence spectrometry (XRF) measurements in a PANalytical Epsilon 5 EDXRF spectrometer. To calibrate the XRF results to obtain accurate composition measurements, two ZTO samples were prepared and measured by Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS) at the Uppsala Tandem Laboratory, using a 2 MeV He+-beam and a backscattering angle of 170°. Ex-situ X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) using monochromatic Al Kα for sample excitation was used to study the surface and bulk composition of the ZTO ﬁlms by using a Quantum 2000 Phi XPS instrument. Optical properties of ZTOﬁlms grown on glass substrates by Sn/(Sn + Zn) cycle fractions of 0.67, 0.4 and 0.25 at different ALD deposition temperatures were characterized by spectroscopic ellipsometry. For the TEM samples, the samples had to be coated with a conductive layer of Au. Subsequently, the TEM lamella were prepared using the lift-out technique on a FEI Strata DB235 focused ion beam (FIB) operated at 30 kV followed by a 5 kV ﬁnal cleaning step. The TEM samples were characterized in a Tecnai F30 ST. The Fourier transformation, Fig. 3(b), reveals the lattice planes as distinct points and they line up well with the positions for polycrystalline ZnO of (100) to (112) planes, which are depicted as red markers."
}