{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "selected-area electron diffraction analysis",
    "cross-sectional view transmission electron microscopy (XTEM)",
    "Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS)",
    "secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "plan-view TEM",
    "4-point probe",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "sheet resistance measurements",
    "grazing incidence angle XRD",
    "electron diffraction pattern",
    "transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "dark field TEM image",
    "bright field TEM image"
  ],
  "evidence": "The properties of the TaC x films were analyzed using the following techniques: Sheet resistance by a 4-point probe, thickness by cross-sectional view transmission electron microscopy (XTEM), composition and impurities by Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS) and secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS, Cameca IMS-6f in Korea Basic Science Institute), and microstructure using plan-view TEM. For phase identification, X-ray diffraction (XRD) and selected-area electron diffraction analysis were performed. To evaluate the barrier performance of the TaC x films between Cu and Si, 100-nm-thick Cu films were deposited onto the 15-nm-thick TaC x-coated Si wafers by sputtering. These Cu/TaC x/Si samples were annealed in a high vacuum (< 5 × 10−6 Torr) for 30 min at temperatures ranging from 450 to 750 /C14 C with intervals of 50 /C14 C. The barrier performance after annealing was evaluated by sheet resistance measurements and XRD. Figure 3a shows the carbon resonance RBS spectra of the PEALD-TaCx film deposited on the Si substrate, where the incident Heþþ energy is 4.259 MeV. Using the RUMP simulation for each RBS analysis, the quantitative film composition was determined to be TaC 0.36O0.15Cl0.2. The plan-view TEM bright-field image of the PEALD-TaC x film (Fig. 3c) shows a featureless microstructure, making it difficult to identify the grains or grain boundaries. In addition, it is unclear whether the film is crystalline or amorphous. Both the dark field image (Fig. 3d) and selected area diffraction patterns (the inset of Fig. 3c), however, clearly show that this film contains a significant number of crystallites. The dark field TEM image obtained by placing an objective aperture on the first-order ring of the diffraction pattern clearly shows that TaC x film is composed of nano-crystals. Moreover, a careful comparison of the electron diffraction pattern with those of Ta-related materials (body-centered-cubic-Ta, betaTa, hexagonal-Ta 2C, and cubic-TaC) shows that the diffraction pattern is well matched with that of cubic TaC (space group: Fm3m), which is consistent with the XRD data. Figure 4a shows the changes in sheet resistance of Cu (100 nm)/TaCx (15 nm)/Si structure before and after annealing in a vacuum for 30 min as a function of the annealing temperature. The corresponding XRD results for the annealed samples are shown in Figure 4b."
}