{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "Lowering the bulk on the endocyclic carbon from a -Me to -H decreases the steric repulsion between the endocyclic substituent and the exocyclic N-iPr groups, allowing 3 to change its molecular geometry more easily. This would in-turn change the surface kinetics of 3, allowing it to react with the substrate faster as the bite angle of the ligand would be more acute and thus exposing the metal centre to the surface more upon chemisorption. The bond dissociation enthalpy for precursors 1-3 were calculated and are shown in Table 1. The results show that 3 has lowest energy for removal of the ligands, reflecting its higher reactivity with the surface in contrast to 1 and 2. It was also observed for all precursors that the difference in energy required for losing the first two ligands (67-75 kJ/mol) is approximately half that required to lose the third ligand (126 -141 kJ/mol). This result suggests that the precursor loses two ligands upon a dsorption to give a surface of the mono-ligated In species. Precursor 3 had the lowest energy required to remove the third ligand (510 kJ/mol), showing that the nitridisation chemistry in the ALD process is more favored for 3 over 1 and 2.",
  "intermediate_species": ["mono-ligated In species"],
  "evidence": "The surface chemistry of these precursors was further investigated using density functional theory (DFT) calculations. The bond dissociation enthalpy for precursors 1-3 were calculated and are shown in Table 1. The results show that 3 has lowest energy for removal of the ligands, reflecting its higher reactivity with the surface in contrast to 1 and 2. It was also observed for all precursors that the difference in energy required for losing the first two ligands (67-75 kJ/mol) is approximately half that required to lose the third ligand (126 -141 kJ/mol). This result suggests that the precursor loses two ligands upon a dsorption to give a surface of the mono-ligated In species. Precursor 3 had the lowest energy required to remove the third ligand (510 kJ/mol), showing that the nitridisation chemistry in the ALD process is more favored for 3 over 1 and 2."
}