{
  "characterization_methods": ["RHEED", "AFM", "TEM", "XPS", "PL"],
  "evidence": "This was evidenced by comparing the in situ in-plane relaxation and structural data for two growth processes, the conventional molecular beam epitaxy (MBE), and the atomic layer epitaxy (ALE). These results demonstrate the importance of the kinetic effect on the formation of CdTe nanostructures. The kinetics during growth, studied here by comparing MBE and ALE processes, not only delays the onset of the plastic relaxation by revealing an intermediate zone where the islands can be formed, but also allows some interdiffusion between the cations, Cd and Zn, to occur, as evidenced by studying the optical properties of these dot-like islands. The optical properties of these Cd-rich islands are then studied by photoluminescence. The RHEED intensity becomes less intense and diffused with a pattern which presents a less well-defined 2D feature. This change of the RHEED pattern is a finger print of a surface re-organization into island structures as confirmed by ex situ characterization studies (TEM, photoluminescence). The 3D-transition is confirmed by UHV-AFM images, which reveal a dot density of the order of 10^10 cm^-2. The AFM amplitude image also reveals that these islands are often aligned and elongated along a given direction. The shape of the islands when there are capped with a ZnTe layer, is illustrated in Fig.4. This figure shows a HRTEM image obtained on cross-sectional (110)-oriented specimens prepared by conventional Ar+ ion-milling techniques. By measuring the local distortions within the crystal lattice directly from the HRTEM image, one can deduce quantitative information on the chemical profile in the ultrathin layer. The energy maxima obtained from the time-integrated PL spectra are plotted in Fig.5 as a function of the amount of deposited CdTe in various samples. These data are compared with the experimental data available in the literature and a theoretical curve giving the energy position of the ground state of the heavy-hole exciton. The PL intensity does not change when the CdTe thickness varies from 2 to 7.5 ML, and starts to decrease strongly only for thicknesses >8 ML. These photoluminescence results on ALE samples confirm that the density of dislocations does not change significantly in ALE structures when varying the CdTe thickness from 2 to 7 ML. Finally, no feature corresponding to a hypothetical wetting layer has been found even when exciting with a high-power density."
}