{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Near-edge X-ray absorption fine-structure (NEXAFS) analysis",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "Energy-dispersive spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Capacitance–voltage (C-V) measurement",
    "Conductance method",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "Scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The recrystallization temperature was determined by X-ray diffraction (XRD) analyses in postannealing experiments on as-deposited amorphous layers in N2 ambient for 1 min at 500–800°C. The electronic structures of thin films were comparatively investigated using synchrotron analysis techniques, including X-ray photoemission spectroscopy (XPS) and NEXAFS analyses. The photoelectron spectroscopy was performed without surface sputtering at 90° of light incidence angle. To enable the microstructure and chemical composition analysis in nanoscale, high resolution Cs-corrected scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM) with energy-dispersive spectroscopy (EDS) was employed. The films were deposited on p-type Si (001) substrates... The capacitors were swept from inversion (+2.5 V) to accumulation (−2.5 V) and back to check the amount of the C-V hysteresis. The interface state density (Dit) was determined by a conductance method carried out at various frequencies from 1 kHz to 1 MHz. The chemical bonding states of samples were investigated in detail by XPS analyses. Figure 3a is a typical bright-field transmission electron microscopy (TEM) image... The elemental maps obtained from the EDS analysis of the HfONO layer for Hf and O, respectively. The valence-band spectra were studied using XPS analyses... The N K edge spectrum of the HfONO sample. The photoelectron spectroscopy was performed without surface sputtering at 90° of light incidence angle. The photoelectron spectroscopy was performed without surface sputtering at 90° of light incidence angle."
}