{
  "target_material": "Lithium titanate spinel (Li4Ti5O12)",
  "process_type": "Atomic layer deposition (ALD)",
  "main_precursors": ["Titanium(IV) chloride (TiCl4)", "Anhydrous ammonia (NH3)"],
  "temperature_range": "500 ◦C",
  "summary": "The study describes the use of atomic layer deposition (ALD) to coat lithium titanate spinel (LTS) powder with titanium nitride (TiN) to improve its performance as a lithium-ion battery anode. The ALD process involved the sequential reaction of TiCl4 and NH3 at 500 ◦C. The TiN coating was confirmed through in situ infrared spectroscopy, transmission electron microscopy (TEM), and nitrogen content analysis. The modified LTS showed enhanced electrode performance, including improved charge capacity and voltage stability during cycling.",
  "evidence": "Lithium titanate spinel (Li4Ti5O12, or LTS) is receiving consideration as a nanopowder anode material for use in lithium-ion batteries. To improve this we have coated the surface of the LTS powder with a titanium nitride layer by atomic layer deposition (ALD). The ALD reaction consists of a series of sequential, self-terminating surface half-reactions on a substrate followed by an inert gas purge. In the case of TiN, made from TiCl4 and NH3, the TiCl4 chemisorbs onto the substrate and, after purging the excess precursor from the system, NH3 then reacts with the Ti–Cl-terminated surface to form one theoretical monolayer. The deposition cell was a vertically mounted quartz tube with a porous frit... The ALD reaction was performed using approximately 0.30 g of lithium titanate spinel powder... The system was equipped with a mechanical vacuum pump and a liquid nitrogen trap. A schematic is provided in Fig. 1. The ALD reaction consists of a series of sequential, self-terminating surface half-reactions on a substrate followed by an inert gas purge. In the case of TiN, made from TiCl4 and NH3, the TiCl4 chemisorbs onto the substrate and, after purging the excess precursor from the system, NH3 then reacts with the Ti–Cl-terminated surface to form one theoretical monolayer. The deposition cell was a vertically mounted quartz tube with a porous frit... The system was equipped with a mechanical vacuum pump and a liquid nitrogen trap. A schematic is provided in Fig. 1."
}