{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Field-emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM)",
    "High-resolution transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "Selected area electron diffraction (SAED)",
    "Raman spectroscopy",
    "Hall-effect measurements",
    "Electrochemical impedance measurements",
    "Cyclic voltammetry (CV)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The formation of Ni3S2 was investigated via field-emission scanning electron microscopy (FESEM), high-resolution transmission electron microscopy (TEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD), X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), and Raman spectroscopy. The transport properties of the resulting Ni3S2 films were investigated by means of Hall-effect measurements in the van der Pauw geometry. The electrochemical properties of the Ni3S2 catalytic films were investigated using a three-electrode system. The electrochemical impedance measurements of films of different thicknesses were also performed. The electrochemical active surface areas (ECSAs) and roughness factors (RFs) of films prepared via different numbers of cycles were estimated by calculating the double-layer capacitance (Cdl) from CV measurements. The XPS spectra indicate that before and after the stability test, the Ni3S2 consisted of components of Ni, S, C, and O. The high-resolution XPS spectrum of the as-grown Ni3S2 in the S 2p region revealed two main peaks. The XPS spectra indicate that before and after the stability test, the Ni3S2 consisted of components of Ni, S, C, and O. The high-resolution XPS spectrum of the as-grown Ni3S2 in the S 2p region revealed two main peaks. The XPS spectra indicate that before and after the stability test, the Ni3S2 consisted of components of Ni, S, C, and O. The high-resolution XPS spectrum of the as-grown Ni3S2 in the S 2p region revealed two main peaks. The XPS spectra indicate that before and after the stability test, the Ni3S2 consisted of components of Ni, S, C, and O. The high-resolution XPS spectrum of the as-grown Ni3S2 in the S 2p region revealed two main peaks."
}