{
 "characterization_methods": [
   "Ellipsometry",
   "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
   "Time-of-Flight Elastic Recoil Detection Analysis (ToF-ERDA)",
   "Capacitance–Voltage (CV) measurement",
   "Quasi-steady-state photoconductance decay method",
   "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)"
 ],
 "evidence": "The measured GPC is reasonable as compared to typical ALD Al2O3 processes and only slightly lower than DMACl–water process (1.04 Å per cycle) obtained under the same ALD conditions. The GPC obtained here is comparable with TMA (0.76 Å per cycle at 200 °C) while it is two times higher than that of AlCl3 (0.4 Å per cycle at 300 °C). The results are also indirectly supported by ellipsometer and X-ray reflectivity (XRR) measurements, i.e., the measured RI (1.57) and film mass density (2.8 g cm−3) are lower with ozone process than with water process (1.60 and 3.0 g cm−3, respectively). The film thickness was measured by an ellipsometer (Philips Plasmos SD 2300) with 632 nm wavelength. ALD films prepared with different temperatures were measured by XRR (Philips X’Pert) method to determine the film mass density. Elemental composition of the films was determined by means of ToF-ERDA method using 10.2 MeV 63Cu ion beam from the 1.7 MV Pelletron accelerator of the Accelerator Laboratory of the University of Jyväskylä. The Dit and Qf values were averaged over five measuring points on one wafer. The film thickness was measured by an ellipsometer (Philips Plasmos SD 2300) with 632 nm wavelength. ALD films prepared with different temperatures were measured by XRR (Philips X’Pert) method to determine the film mass density. The samples were measured right after ALD (AS), after anneal in N2 at 400 °C for 30 min (LT), and after second anneal at 800 °C for 3 s (LT+HT). Capacitance–Voltage (CV) measurement reveals that the enhancement of passivation results from both better chemical and stronger field effect passivation. The effective minority carrier lifetimes (τeff) were measured using quasi-steady-state photoconductance decay method with a generalized mode."
}<|im_end|>