{
  "target_material": "ZrO2",
  "process_type": "Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD)",
  "main_precursors": ["ZrCl4", "H2O"],
  "temperature_range": "300 °C",
  "summary": "The study investigates the structural evolution of ZrO2 films grown by atomic layer deposition (ALD) on Si(1 0 0) substrates. The films are analyzed using deep-ultra-violet Raman and far-infrared spectroscopy to determine the relative amounts of tetragonal and monoclinic phases. The results show that the phase composition changes with film thickness and thermal annealing, with an increase in the monoclinic phase after annealing at 950 °C for 30 s.",
  "evidence": "Zirconium dioxide is one of the candidates for substitution of SiO2 as dielectric gate in complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor devices. In this work, 64 and 107 nm thick ZrO2 films were grown on Si(1 0 0) using atomic layer deposition, which produces uniform and conformal layers, as required in microelectronics. The study of the growth dynamics is a necessary and challenging task. It is necessary because ALD is a technique only recently applied to the growth of oxides for microelectronics, and still needs full understanding. It is challenging because of the many deposition parameters available in ALD. Given its dependence on deposition parameters and conditions, the film structure is a reliable source of information on ALD growth. Structural studies as a function of high-j dielectric film thickness and deposition require comprehensive and, possibly, more rapid measurement methods. X-ray diffraction satisfies the former requirement for all types of materials (including thin films), but, at the same time, it is time consuming. For this reason we have singled out two possible alternative techniques providing complementary structural information: deep (5.0 eV) ultra-violet (UV) Raman and far-infrared (frequency range: 100–700 cm−1) spectroscopies. With deep-UV Raman spectroscopy employing a 244 nm excitation, we can measure the spectra of thin films because of an increase of the Raman efficiency, a reduction of the photoluminescent background, and the elimination of the spectrum of the silicon substrate. Far-infrared spectroscopy, on the other hand, is a technique for structural analysis because in the 100–700 cm−1 frequency region the infrared radiation resonates with optical phonons, whose strength and absorption frequency depend on the material structure. Far-infrared spectroscopy is shown to be efficient also for thin films. In this preliminary work we measured 64 and 107 nm thick films (thicker than the standard thickness for dielectric gate oxides) to establish the main features in the deep-UV Raman and far-infrared spectra and assess the correspondence between information supplied by both techniques."
}