{
  "target_material": "Aluminum nitride (AlN)",
  "process_type": "Thermal ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["trimethyl aluminum (TMA)", "ammonia (NH3)"],
  "temperature_range": "295 –342 °C",
  "summary": "The study investigates the nucleation and growth behavior of AlN films using thermal ALD on Si and TiN substrates. The process involves the use of trimethyl aluminum (TMA) and ammonia as precursors. The growth rate is influenced by temperature, with higher growth rates observed at elevated temperatures. NH3 pretreatment enhances nucleation and reduces nucleation delay, leading to uniform film growth. The study highlights the importance of surface chemistry and reactive sites in determining the growth behavior of AlN films.",
  "evidence": "Aluminum nitride (AlN) film possesses wide band gap energy (~6.2 eV) and a high dielectric constant (~9.2), and is resilient to thermal and chemical stimuli. It also exhibits several functionalities, such as piezoelectricity and pyroelectricity. Therefore, AlN film has been used for electronic and optoelectronic devices and microelectromechanical systems (MEMSs). Among the various methods of AlN thin film growth, atomic layer deposition (ALD) can control film thickness at the nanoscale. Uniform and conformal film growth is possible at temperatures lower than that of chemical vapor deposition or molecular beam epitaxy. Because the ALD process relies on surface chemical reactions, it shows substrate dependency. To control film uniformity from the beginning, an understanding of nucleation and growth behavior on the substrate is necessary. Therefore, the nature of nucleation and growth behaviors on different substrates is investigated. In this study, AlN films are grown on bare Si and TiN substrates at 295 –342 °C by thermal ALD using trimethyl aluminum (TMA) and ammonia. Facile nucleation and linear growth on the TiN substrate, and substrate-inhibited nucleation on the Si substrate, are observed. NH3 pretreatment may enhance the growth rate at the nucleation stage. Therefore, the dissociation of NH3 on the substrate is crucial to making uniform nuclei for the subsequent growth of AlN film."
}