{
  "substrate_material": "soda lime glass (SLG) and silicon",
  "substrate_orientation": "",
  "pretreatment": "cleaned in successive ultrasonic baths of alkaline ultrasonic detergent solution, tap water, ethanol, and de-ionized water, followed by careful rinsing using a 50:50 (v/v %) solution of ethanol and deionized water and drying by pressurized air. The silicon substrates were blown clean of particles using a N2 stream. The native silicon oxide was not removed. Additionally, thermal SiO2 (90 nm)/Si, sapphire (2 ″ wafers, c-plane off to M-plane by 0.2 ± 0.1°, double-side polished, University Wafer), and muscovite mica (15 mm disks, V1 grade, Nano-Tec) as well as ALD-grown Al2O3, Ir, TiO2, and ZnS films on silicon were used as substrates in some depositions. The sapphire wafers were successively rinsed with ethanol, acetone, and isopropanol and blown dry using N2, followed by annealing in a muffe oven in air at 1000 °C for 2 h to create flat terraces separated by atomic steps. Muscovite mica was cleaved immediately before film deposition using a double-edge razor blade in order to create a fresh, silica-terminated (001) surface.",
  "surface_functionalization": "",
  "evidence": "The SLG substrates were cleaned in successive ultrasonic baths of alkaline ultrasonic detergent solution, tap water, ethanol, and de-ionized water, followed by careful rinsing using a 50:50 (v/v %) solution of ethanol and deionized water and drying by pressurized air. The silicon substrates were blown clean of particles using a N2 stream. The native silicon oxide was not removed. Additionally, thermal SiO2 (90 nm)/Si, sapphire (2 ″ wafers, c-plane off to M-plane by 0.2 ± 0.1°, double-side polished, University Wafer), and muscovite mica (15 mm disks, V1 grade, Nano-Tec) as well as ALD-grown Al2O3, Ir, TiO2, and ZnS films on silicon were used as substrates in some depositions. The sapphire wafers were successively rinsed with ethanol, acetone, and isopropanol and blown dry using N2, followed by annealing in a muffe oven in air at 1000 °C for 2 h to create flat terraces separated by atomic steps. Muscovite mica was cleaved immediately before film deposition using a double-edge razor blade in order to create a fresh, silica-terminated (001) surface."
}