{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Time-of-Flight Mass Spectroscopy (TOFMS)",
    "Auger Electron Spectroscopy (AES)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Reflection High-Energy Electron Diffraction (RHEED)",
    "Temperature-Programmed Desorption (TPD)",
    "Reflectance Interferometry",
    "Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Electron Energy-Loss Spectroscopy (EELS)",
    "Multiple Internal Reflection Infrared Spectroscopy (MIR)",
    "Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FTIR)",
    "Time-of-Flight Scattering and Recoil Spectroscopy (TOF-SRS)",
    "Cross-Sectional Transmission Electron Microscopy (XTEM)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Profilometry",
    "Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Time-of-Flight Mass Spectroscopy (TOFMS) detected the PSD of Cl1 and HCl1 species. Auger Electron Spectroscopy (AES) was used to examine the cleaned surface. X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS) was used to analyze the surface. Reflection High-Energy Electron Diffraction (RHEED) was used to observe the surface reconstruction. Temperature-Programmed Desorption (TPD) was used to study the desorption of H2 and HCl. Reflectance Interferometry was used to determine the thickness of Si films. Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM) was used to study the surface. Electron Energy-Loss Spectroscopy (EELS) was used to study the surface. Multiple Internal Reflection Infrared Spectroscopy (MIR) and Fourier Transform Infrared Spectroscopy (FTIR) were used to study the surface. Time-of-Flight Scattering and Recoil Spectroscopy (TOF-SRS) was used to study the surface. Cross-Sectional Transmission Electron Microscopy (XTEM) was used to monitor the morphology of the film. Ellipsometry and X-ray Reflectivity (XRR) were used to study the surface. Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM) and Profilometry were used to study the surface. Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (STM) was used to study the surface."
}<|im_end|>