{
 "characterization_methods": [
   "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
   "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
   "Glancing incidence x-ray diffraction (GIXRD)",
   "Raman spectroscopy",
   "Photoluminescence spectroscopy",
   "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
   "Selected-area electron diffraction (SAED)",
   "Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX)"
 ],
 "evidence": "Analytical data on the powder obtained by ICP-AES, combustion, and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) are consistent with the presence of MoS2 plus some N, S, C, and O contaminants... Films grown at 80 8C are smooth and continuous (RMS surface roughness = 0.27 nm) as characterized by AFM... The absence of Bragg reflections in glancing incidence x-ray diffraction (GIXRD) measurements... weak, broad Raman features of the unannealed films evolves into the sharp MoS2 modes at 384 and 410 cm /C01... Transmission electron microscopy and selected-area electron diffraction (SAED) of both the as-deposited and annealed films confirms their initial amorphous state... Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopic measurements are consistent with a predominant composition of Mo and S... XPS analysis of the present ALD-derived MoS2 films reveals chemical differences... The Mo 3p doublet (upper panel of Figure 4 D) can then be fit 61 % to a MoS2 binding-energy (395.9 eV) feature... XPS confirms that the bulk of the as-grown films are essentially free of ligand residues... AFM topographic images of A) as-deposited and B) annealed MoS2 films... Microstructural and spectroscopic properties of ALD-derived MoS2 films before and after annealing... Transmission electron microscopy and selected-area electron diffraction (SAED) of both the as-deposited and annealed films confirms their initial amorphous state and their subsequent crystalization upon annealing... Cross-sectional scanning transmission electron miscroscopy after annealing confirms the polycrystalline film to be smooth and continuous, and energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopic measurements are consistent with a predominant composition of Mo and S."
}