{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Energy-Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDX)",
    "Raman Spectroscopy",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Spectroscopic Ellipsometry",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "Hall Effect"
  ],
  "evidence": "The text mentions the use of XPS, SEM, TEM, EDX, Raman spectroscopy, XRD, spectroscopic ellipsometry, AFM, four-point probe, and Hall Effect for characterization. For example, 'XPS (Fig. S6 and S7 †). The detailed XP spectrum of the Ir 4f region (Fig. S7 †) shows that the Ir 4f 7/2 and Ir 4f 5/2 signals are centered on binding energies of 61.9 and 64.9 eV, respectively, which is in good agreement with reported values for anhydrous IrO 2.41 No evidence of metallic iridium was found, leading us to conclude that the ALD process yields films in which the iridium is exclusively present as iridium( IV) oxide.' Additionally, 'SEM images of a flat 20% Nb NTO layer on fused silica after deposition and after annealing at 700 °C. The as-deposited amorphous layer shows no obvious visible features. By contrast, the annealed layer consists of a mosaic of large crystals sized on the order of 10 μm. This is evidence of explosive crystallization, which has been previously observed in ALD NTO. 28,31 Niemelä et al. showed that the conductivity-limiting mechanism in ALD NTO films changes from grain-boundary scattering at low Nb contents to intra-grain phonon scattering in the larger grains found at high Nb levels. 32 They concluded that for applications where high conductivity is required, the high-Nb regime is advantageous.' Furthermore, 'The nucleation and growth behavior of the Ir(acac)3/O3 ALD process has recently been studied by Mattinen et al. , who report a very long nucleation delay of 120 cycles and a growth rate of 0.033 nm cycle −1. As the present study investigates extremely low IrO 2 loading for oxygen evolution catalysis, the films studied here were deposited within this nucleation regime, where complete substrate coverage and uniformity cannot be presupposed. The use of an Al 2O3 underlayer to aid nucleation, as demonstrated by Hämäläinen et al. , was avoided as it might inhibit electrical contact between the conductive support and the IrO 2 film.37 The composition of ALD IrO 2 films on single crystal Si substrates was investigated by XPS (Fig. S6 and S7 †). The detailed XP spectrum of the Ir 4f region (Fig. S7 †) shows that the Ir 4f 7/2 and Ir 4f 5/2 signals are centered on binding energies of 61.9 and 64.9 eV, respectively, which is in good agreement with reported values for anhydrous IrO 2.41 No evidence of metallic iridium was found, leading us to conclude that the ALD process yields films in which the iridium is exclusively present as iridium( IV) oxide.'"
}