{
  "target_material": "hydroxyapatite",
  "process_type": "thermal ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["calcium carbonate (CaCO3)", "diammonium hydrogen phosphate (DAP)"],
  "temperature_range": "80–95 °C",
  "summary": "Nanocrystalline hydroxyapatite thin films were prepared on silicon and titanium substrates by atomic layer deposition (ALD) of calcium carbonate followed by thermal treatment in dilute diammonium hydrogen phosphate (DAP) solution. The conversion process involved varying DAP concentrations and temperatures to control crystal size and homogeneity. The resulting films were calcium-deficient with a Ca/P ratio of 1.39 and showed good biocompatibility, stability, and adhesion to the substrate. The method provides a new possibility for producing bioactive coatings on titanium implants with hydroxyapatite that is biocompatible with human osteoblasts and osteoclasts.",
  "evidence": "Nanocrystalline hydroxyapatite thin films were fabricated on silicon and titanium by atomic layer deposition (ALD) of CaCO3 and its subsequent conversion to hydroxyapatite by diammonium hydrogen phosphate (DAP) solution. The effects of conversion process parameters to crystallinity and morphology of the films were examined. DAP concentration was found to be critical in controlling the crystal size and homogeneity of the films. The hydroxyapatite phase was identified by XRD. ToF-elastic recoil detection analysis studies revealed that the films are calcium deficient in relation to hydroxyapatite with a Ca/P ratio of 1.39 for films converted with 0.2 M DAP at 95 /C14 C. The coatings prepared on titanium conformally follow the rough surface topography of the substrate, verifying that the good step coverage of the ALD method was maintained in the conversion process. The dissolution tests revealed that the coating was nondissolvable in the cell culture medium. Annealing the coated sample at 700 /C14 C for 1 h seemed to enhance its bonding properties to the substrate. Also, the biocompatibility of the coatings was confirmed by human bone marrow derived cells in vitro. The developed method provides a new possibility to produce thin film coatings on titanium implants with bone-type hydroxyapatite that is biocompatible with human osteoblasts and osteoclasts."
}<|im_end|>