{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Cross-sectional transmission electron micrography (TEM)",
    "Sputtered Auger profiling",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "300 K photoreflectance (PR)",
    "77 K photoluminescence (PL)",
    "Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction",
    "Surface profilemetry"
  ],
  "evidence": "Uniform ALE InP layers were verified by cross-sectional transmission electron micrography and sputtered Auger profiling. The application of thin ALE InP layers (15 A) on GaAs surfaces was investigated using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, 77 K photoluminescence, and 300 K photoreflectance. A sputtered Auger profile is shown in Fig. 6. The presence of indium and phosphorus is clearly shown. An XPS spectrum of a GaAs surface that has been passivated with a 15 A layer of InP ALE. The In 3d signal confirms the presence of indium on the surface. The presence of phosphorus and phosphorus oxide is clearly shown. The presence of arsenic and the absence of arsenic oxide are evident. 300 K PR spectra for an ion-implanted GaAs MESFET structure before and after passivation are shown in Fig. 12. The surface electric field which is determined from the Franz-Keldysh oscillations (features above the GaAs energy gap) did not change as the GaAs MESFET was passivated. 77 K PL spectra of the substrate before and after passivation are shown in Fig. 11. The peak corresponds to the energy gap of GaAs. An increase in the PL intensity by a factor of 2 is observed after passivation. The thickness per cycle of ALE growth as a function of the number of TMI moles per cycle is shown. The ALE cycle was 3 s TMI, 3 s purge, 8 s TBP, 3 s purge. The growth temperature was 340 °C. Self-limiting growth with monolayer saturation is observed. The thickness per cycle of ALE growth as a function of the number of TMI moles per cycle is shown. The ALE cycle was 6 s TMI, 3 s purge, 8 s TBP, 3 s purge. The growth temperature was 340 °C. Saturation of the growth rate is not observed for this particular TMI exposure time. A cross-sectional transmission electron micrograph (TEM) of an InP ALE layer grown on top of a lattice-matched InAlAs layer is shown in Fig. 5. The presence of indium and phosphorus is clearly shown. A sputtered Auger profile of an InP ALE layer (300 A) grown on top of a lattice matched InAIAs layer is shown. Indium and phosphorus are present at the surface. A grazing incidence X-ray diffraction scan of an InP ALE layer grown on top of a lattice matched InA1As layer is shown. The simulation results of a two-layer model are also shown. The simulation results are in good agreement with the diffraction scan. The InP layer thickness is 320 A and the InA1As layer thickness is 1100 A. The interface is abrupt as shown by the sharp features at the interface. An estimate of the InP layer thickness is about 300 A as measured by surface profilemetry of the sputtered crater. The majority of the thickness measurements were performed by grazing incidence X-ray diffraction."
}