{
 "characterization_methods": ["SEM", "TEM"],
 "evidence": "The ALD of ZnO on cicada wings results in material deposition at the bottom between the pillars, whereas there is no growth on the pillars themselves (Figure 2a,b). Other reports on templating and replicating of nanostructures deal with coating of the whole surface. In contrast, here we coat only selective parts of the cicada wing surface with nanometer precision. The role of the waxy coating is to prevent ZnO growth on the pillars, which would otherwise lead to ZnO nanocups instead of a nanoporous ZnO film. When the ALD-coated wing is broken, then part of the inorganic film can be peeled off (see Figure 2c). Owing to its area-selective growth, the thin ZnO film has an ordered array of holes of approximately 100 nm in diameter. The ALD process is area-selective on cicada wings. The accuracy of the templating process is obvious as the diameter of the cavities in ZnO (approximately 100 nm) is similar to the base diameter of the pillars from which they are constructed. Also, the ZnO film between the edges of the cavities is ∼25 nm wide ( ) intercavity spacing) which is close to the distance between the pillars of the original cicada wing. The construction of such small lateral structures by ALD, even though the deposited film is multiple times thicker, demonstrates the value of our new concept for blocking the film growth at the nanoscale. In conclusion, we have shown a new concept to enable construction of nanoscale lateral structures by area-selective ALD. The concept is based on providing chemical inertness by surface modification combined by nanoscale topographical structures (Figure 1b). Whereas surface modification, as traditionally used in area-selective ALD, is only a chemical barrier for film growth, here we show that the topographical structures are also a physical barrier for film growth. This concept allows ALD synthesis of constructs that have lateral dimensions many times smaller than the film thickness. We have used cicada wings as a prototypical example from nature; however, this concept will be also applicable on other types of designed substrates that combine surface modification (including SAMs) with nanoscale topographies. We foresee that this concept could become a framework for construction of nanoscale parts by area-selective ALD where nanoscale accuracy of the lateral dimensions is of importance."
}<|im_end|>