{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "Formation of silicates and hydrosilicates during precipitation of Co/SiO2 catalysts due to slightly alkaline conditions and during aqueous impregnation due to a pH ≥ 5. The reducibility of cobalt can be strongly influenced by the drying procedure. High temperature calcination both in oxygen (940–1000 °C) and in an inert atmosphere (810 °C) can form silicates. Poorly reducible CoOx–SiO2 species have also been proposed to form due to reductive decomposition of Co(NO3)2. High reduction temperatures have been suggested to induce formation of Co–Si solid solutions and silicides. Kogelbauer et al. showed that reduced cobalt produces silicates/hydrosilicates under hydrothermal conditions. The same has been observed after a secondary aqueous impregnation of pre-reduced and passivated Co/SiO2 catalysts during drying at >50 °C. The precursor, the impregnation solvent, and support surface area also affects the amount of silicate that is formed during the different stages. Formation of Co2SiO4 has also been observed during rapid thermal annealing of cobalt thin films on SiO2.",
  "intermediate_species": ["silicates", "hydrosilicates", "CoOx–SiO2", "Co2SiO4"],
  "evidence": "Formation of silicates and hydrosilicates during precipitation of Co/SiO2 catalysts due to slightly alkaline conditions and during aqueous impregnation due to a pH ≥ 5. The reducibility of cobalt can be strongly influenced by the drying procedure. High temperature calcination both in oxygen (940–1000 °C) and in an inert atmosphere (810 °C) can form silicates. Poorly reducible CoOx–SiO2 species have also been proposed to form due to reductive decomposition of Co(NO3)2. High reduction temperatures have been suggested to induce formation of Co–Si solid solutions and silicides. Kogelbauer et al. showed that reduced cobalt produces silicates/hydrosilicates under hydrothermal conditions. The same has been observed after a secondary aqueous impregnation of pre-reduced and passivated Co/SiO2 catalysts during drying at >50 °C. The precursor, the impregnation solvent, and support surface area also affects the amount of silicate that is formed during the different stages. Formation of Co2SiO4 has also been observed during rapid thermal annealing of cobalt thin films on SiO2."
}