{
  "reaction_equations": [],
  "surface_mechanism_description": "Incomplete PH decomposition on the methyl-terminated In surface was observed, which is attributed to submonolayer growth. The desorption of methyl radicals during H purge at 390 8C evolved the spectrum to that of an In-stabilized surface. The self-limiting adsorption of In species was studied, and the growth rate was found to be 0.65 ML/cycle due to incomplete pyrolysis of PH on the methyl-terminated In surface.",
  "intermediate_species": ["methyl radicals", "In-stabilized surface", "methyl-terminated In surface"],
  "evidence": "The SPA signal trace measured during the InP ALE indicated incomplete PH decomposition on the methyl-terminated In surface, and this observation was attributed to the cause of submonolayer growth. We also report a spectroscopic SPA study on the surface state during a cycle of ALE process. The SPA spectrum of the methyl-terminated In surface showed a different line shape at around 1.9 eV (In-dimer region) from that of an In-stabilized surface. But, during H purge at 390 8C, this portion of the spectrum was observed to evolve to that of an In-stabilized surface by the desorption of methyl radical. The growth rate of this submonolayer/cycle can be understood by close inspection of the SPA signal in Fig. 4. The 68 cycles of InP ALE were performed on an InP buffer layer at 405 8C with a TMIn injection time of 5 s. The 68 oscillations of SPA re¯ectivity were clearly observed with persistent intensities during 68 growth cycles even at 76 Torr atmosphere. The SPA signals of Fig. 4 did not come back to the level of the P-stabilized surface state when PH was injected, even though in Fig. 1, the SPA signal abruptly decreased to its P-stabilized value. In the previous P adsorption experiments, where PH was injected on the metallic In-stabilized surface which was prepared by P desorption, we also observed abrupt recovery of the SPA signal to the P-stabilized surface even at temperatures lower than 405 8C in Fig. 4. Therefore, we currently believe that the reason why the SPA signal does not reach to its P-stabilized value (which means submonolayer growth rate per cycle) is the incomplete pyrolysis of PH on the methyl-terminated In surface."
}