{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Variable angle spectroscopic ellipsometry",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "Fourier transform infra-red (FTIR) absorption spectroscopy",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "Scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM)",
    "Energy dispersive X-ray spectrometer-EDX (EDS)",
    "Raman spectroscopy",
    "Focused ion beam-scanning electron microscopy (FIB-SEM)"
  ],
  "evidence": "Surface morphology and properties of as-developed and annealed ALD-enabled WO3 nano-ﬁlms were characterized using atomic force microscopy (AFM) [AFM XE-100, PARK System, South Korea], Fourier transform infra-red (FTIR) absorption spectroscopy [Nicolet 6700 FTIR Spectrometer (Thermo Fisher Scientiﬁc, The Netherlands)] and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) techniques. The cross-section of WO3/SiO2 interface was analyzed by spherical aberration correction scanning transmission electron microscope (STEM) (JEM-ARM 200F, JEOL, USA). Meanwhile, the local chemical homogeneity of WO3 ultra-thin ﬁlms was conducted by Type N energy dispersive X-ray spectrometer-EDX (Hitachi Science Systems Ltd., Japan) equipped with JOEL-JSM 5600 LV SEM. Surface morphology of ALD-developed WO3 ﬁlms was analyzed by the JSM7100F (JEOL USA) FIB-SEM. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) was utilized for analysis of the surface morphology of the ALD-developed 2D WO3 ﬁlms. The thickness of ALD-developed 2D WO3 was further evaluated by FIB-SEM (FEI Helios Nanolab 600) dual beam. The main results of these measurements are presented in Fig. 5. Both techniques were employed for independent correlation and conﬁrmation of the ellipsometry measurements data. The minimum resolution of FIB-SEM is 5.0 nm. Therefore, twice thicker (∼10.0 nm) ALD-enabled WO3 ﬁlm was selected for the development of the lamella with following measurements of the thickness of WO3 ﬁlm by FIB-SEM. The electronic structure and surface chemical composition of both ultra-thin (∼1.2 nm) 2D WO3 and thicker (∼10.0 nm) 2D WO3 were analyzed by XPS technique. FTIR spectroscopy was utilized to determine both surface chemistry and surface reactions of the ALD-developed 2D WO3 ultra-thin ﬁlms with thickness of 1.2 and ∼10.0 nm, respectively, and results are presented in Fig. 7. SEM analysis of surface morphology of ALD-developed 2D WO3 ﬁlms with thickness of 10.0 nm is shown in Fig. 8(a)."
}<|im_end|>