{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Hall measurements",
    "Elastic recoil detection analysis (ERDA)",
    "R- and T-measurements",
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Four-point probe",
    "External quantum efficiency (EQE) measurements",
    "Optical absorption measurements",
    "X-ray fluorescence spectrometry (XRF)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "X-ray reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "Profilometry",
    "Glow discharge optical emission spectroscopy (GDOES)"
  ],
  "evidence": "X-ray diffraction (XRD, u/2u scan configuration) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM, Zeiss 1550) were employed to investigate the effect of the ALD parameters on the lattice structure, growth direction, and morphology of the In2O3 films. The electrical properties of the TCO layers on glass were measured in a Hall set-up, applying a magnetic field of B ¼ 0.5 T. Hydrogen concentration was measured by elastic recoil detection analysis (ERDA) using a 32 MeV 81Br beam. The absorption data of the TCO films were derived by R- and T-measurements using a Perkin Elmer Lambda 900 spectrometer with an integrating sphere. Film thickness was measured by a Dektak 150 Stylus Pro filer (Veeco, Plainview) and cross checked by XRF intensity ratio analysis. The finalized solar cells were characterized by external quantum efficiency (EQE) measurements for each sample variation in a home-built setup. The Jsc values, calculated from the EQE and AM1.5G standard spectrum, have been used to calibrate the light intensity for measuring illuminated current –voltage (I–V) characteristics. X-ray fluorescence spectrometry (XRF) was used to determine the overall metal ratios. The detection beam line was situated under an angle of 45° with respect to the primary beam. Glow discharge optical emission spectroscopy (GDOES) was applied on neighboring cells to study possible changes in elemental depth distributions."
}<|im_end|>