{
  "target_material": "Al2O3",
  "process_type": "Plasma and Thermal ALD",
  "main_precursors": ["Trimethylaluminum (TMA)", "O2 plasma", "H2O"],
  "temperature_range": "25°C to 300°C",
  "summary": "The study compares remote plasma ALD and thermal ALD of Al2O3 using trimethylaluminum (TMA) as the metal precursor and O2 plasma or H2O as oxidants. Remote plasma ALD showed higher growth per cycle and better uniformity, especially at lower temperatures. The films were found to be stoichiometric with low carbon and hydrogen content at higher temperatures, and exhibited good conformality in high-aspect-ratio structures. The dielectric constants were measured as 7.8 and 8.9 for as-deposited and annealed films, respectively.",
  "evidence": "The deposition of Al2O3 by remote plasma atomic layer deposition (ALD) in the Oxford Instruments FlexAL reactor was studied and compared with results from thermal ALD in the same reactor. Trimethylaluminum (TMA) was used as the metal precursor and O2 plasma and H2O were used as oxidizing agents for the plasma and thermal processes, respectively. For remote plasma ALD with a total cycle time of 4 s, the growth per cycle decreased monotonically with substrate temperature, from 1.7 Å/cycle at 25°C to 1.0 Å/cycle at 300°C. This growth per cycle was consistently higher than that obtained for thermal ALD. For the latter a maximum growth per cycle of 1.0 Å/cycle was found at 200°C. The film properties investigated were nearly independent of oxidant source for temperatures between 100 and 300°C, with a slightly higher mass density for the remote plasma ALD Al2O3 films. Films deposited at 200 and 300°C were stoichiometric with a mass density of 3.0 g/cm3 and low C and H contents. Remote plasma ALD produced uniform Al2O3 films with nonuniformities of less than ±2% over 200 mm diam substrates. Excellent conformality was obtained for films deposited in macropores with an aspect ratio of 2.0–2.5 μm diam. Preliminary results on electrical properties of remote plasma deposited films showed high dielectric constants of 7.8 and 8.9 for as-deposited and forming gas annealed Al2O3, respectively."
}