{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "X-ray diffraction (XRD)",
    "X-ray reflectivity (XRR)",
    "X-ray fluorescence (XRF)",
    "Scanning electron microscopy (SEM)",
    "Energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX)",
    "Four-point probe measurements",
    "Atomic force microscopy (AFM)",
    "Grazing-Incidence Small-Angle X-ray Scattering (GISAXS)",
    "Raman spectroscopy"
  ],
  "evidence": "X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) measurements show that the gold films deposited at 120 ◦C are of higher purity than previously reported (<1 atomic % carbon and oxygen impurities, and <0,1 atomic % phosphorous). X-ray diffraction (XRD) measurements confirm that films deposited at 50 ◦C and 120 ◦C are polycrystalline. Several ex-situ measurement techniques were used to determine the physical properties of the deposited Au films. XRD patterns were acquired to determine the crystallinity of the deposited films. XRD measurements were done on a difffractometer (Bruker D8) equipped with a linear detector (Vantec) and a copper X-ray source (Cu K α radiation). Thickness determination via X-ray reflectivity (XRR) measurements was done on a difffractometer (Bruker D8) equipped with a copper X-ray source (Cu K α radiation) and a scintillator point detector. X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements were used to determine an equivalent film thickness based on a calibration line of sputtered gold films. XPS measurements were carried out on a Thermo Scientiﬁc Theta Probe XPS instrument. An FEI Quanta 200F instrument was used to perform scanning electron microscopy (SEM) using secondary electrons and energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX) on the deposited films. Four point probe measurements were performed to determine the resistivity of the deposited gold films. Atomic force microscopy (AFM) measurements were performed on a Bruker Dimension Edge system to determine the surface roughness of the films. To study the morphology of the gold nanostructures, ex-situ Grazing-Incidence Small-Angle X-ray Scattering (GISAXS) measurements were performed at the DUBBLE BM26B beamline of the ESRF synchrotron facility. Raman measurements were performed using a commercial confocal Raman microscope (WITEC Alpha300R+)."
}<|im_end|>