{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Ultraviolet Photoelectron Spectroscopy (UPS)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Secondary Ion Mass Spectrometry (SIMS)",
    "Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS)",
    "Cyclic Voltammetry (CV)",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM)",
    "Energy Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy (EDS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The growth rates, structures, surface roughness, work functions, and optical properties were fully studied by X-ray reflectivity, X-ray diffraction, atomic force microscopy, and ultraviolet photoelectron spectroscopy. The PEC properties of n-Si/NiO were investigated with different thicknesses of ALD-NiO and by doping elemental S. The crystalline structural analysis of our NiO films grown at 300°C was carried out by grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GI-XRD). The electronic structures of our NiO films were investigated. The UPS spectra corresponded to a Fermi level of 5.5 eV. The absorption measurements provided a band gap of 3.9 eV. The electronic band structure of our NiO, therefore, can be drawn as in Fig.S1f in the Supporting Information. The refractive index, n, and extinction coefficient, k, versus the incident wavelength was measured by using Ellipsometry. Chemical analysis has been performed by x-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) spectra. The XPS spectra of S incorporated at approximately 2 atomic percent into the NiO are shown in Fig. 3c-f, which confirms the expected composition of the film. The SIMS results in Fig. 3b show the depth profile of the S-NiO with a thickness of approximately 40 nm. The electrochemical impedance measurements (Fig. 4d) were used to determine the internal impedance of the NiO films. The Mott-Schottky analysis of both electrodes yielded no difference in the comparison of static charge density. The Tafel slopes of n-Si/S-NiO and n-Si/NiO obtained from the graph showing the 166 mV/decade for n-Si/S-NiO electrode with 149 mV of overpotential at 10 mA·cm-2 current density. The stability of the electrode was also dramatically enhanced, with a value of more than 20 mA·cm-2 after approximately 120 h of operation. Scanning transmission electron microscopy (STEM) and EDS mapping along with the complementary XPS results were carried out on different reaction times using n-Si/S-NiO electrodes. The results suggest that incorporated S functions as a role in assisting the phase transformation of NiO films. The conclusive evidence of this is the CV results of the S-NiO electrode (fig.7a), which shows the in situ formation of Ni(OH)2/NiOOH as the potentials continuously shift with increasing redox peaks and current densities. The effects of three-dimensional structures such as layered systems on catalytic performance have been well studied in the literature. The physical Characterization. Evolution of crystalline structure of NiO and S-NiO has been studied by XRD. Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD) measurements were carried out with Cu radiation. The morphology of the NiO films was measured using scanning electron microscopy (FESEM). Atomic force microscopy (AFM) was used to determine the chemical state of NiO films. X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) was used to determine the chemical state of NiO films. Secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) measurements were carried out using TOF-SIMS 5. Ultraviolet–visible spectroscopy was used and the Tauc plot was generated using the relation. The optical properties n and k can be calculated using the relations. The electrochemical measurement was carried out by means of potentiostat. A solar simulator was used to illuminate the electrode surface with 1 sun (100 mW·cm-2, AM 1.5 G) through the electrolyte with magnetic stirring. The EIS measurement was conducted under 1 sun illumination without applying bias. The sweeping frequency ranges from 10,000 to 0.1 Hz of alternating current with an amplitude of 10 mV."
}