{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM)",
    "Transmission Electron Microscope (TEM)",
    "X-ray Diffraction (XRD)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "UV-Vis/NIR Spectrophotometry",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS)",
    "Linear Sweep Voltammetry (LSV)",
    "Intensity Modulated Photocurrent Spectroscopy (IMPS)",
    "Photoluminescence (PL)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The morphologies of the films were investigated by a field emission scanning electron microscope (SEM) (Zeiss Sigma, Germany) with an in-lens detector and 5 kV accelerating voltage and a probe corrected JEOL ARM200F transmission electron microscope (TEM) operated at 200 kV in high angle annular dark field (HAADF) scanning TEM (STEM) mode. The crystalline phase of the thin films was characterized by a Bruker D8 Eco X-ray diffractometer (XRD) with a Cu Kα (λ = 1.5406 Å) source and a Lynx-eye detector in a grazing incidence configuration at an incident angle of 3° and in the 2θ range from 20° to 60°. The elemental compositions and the valence states of elements were analysed using a Thermo Scientific Kα X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) setup with an Al Kα source (hν = 1486.6 eV). The light transmittance and absorbance of the films were investigated using a Perkin Elmer 1050 UV/Vis/NIR Spectrophotometer in the wavelength range of 250 nm to 800 nm with a step of 5 nm. The surface roughnesses were Ra = 3.4 nm and Ra = 4.9 nm for the ALD and the sputtered films, respectively. The PEC performance was measured using a three-electrode PEC cell with a quartz window at room temperature. Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) was carried out in the frequency range between 0.01 Hz and 10 kHz with an AC bias signal of 10 mV at a single constant potential (1.0 V vs. RHE) under simulated sun light irradiation. Intensity Modulated Photocurrent Spectroscopy (IMPS) measurements were conducted using a Modulab Xm PhotoEchem potentiostat (Solartron Analytical) in the same cell and electrolyte as previously mentioned. Photoluminescence (PL) measurements were carried out to investigate the recombination of photogenerated charge carriers."
}