{
  "target_material": "Titanium dioxide (TiO2)",
  "process_type": "Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD)",
  "main_precursors": ["TDMAT (tetrakis(dimethylamido)titanium)", "water"],
  "temperature_range": "90 /C176C",
  "summary": "The study focuses on the elastic properties of TiO2 films deposited by ALD on polyimide substrates using TDMAT and water as precursors. The films were analyzed using in situ tensile testing combined with X-ray diffraction (XRD) to measure residual stress and elastic constants. The results indicate that the elastic modulus of the films is close to that of the bulk material, and the method allows for the determination of mechanical properties with a laboratory setup.",
  "evidence": "The development of new devices has created needs of precision, conformal at the atomic level deposition of high quality thin film materials. In the last years, Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD) has received much interest as a potential deposition method for advanced thin film structures. ALD presents several advantages: the film is excellently conformal and reproducible; the film thickness depends only on the number of reaction cycles, which makes the thickness control accurate and simple; the film can be deposited onto all kind of substrates. Because of the process slowness, layer thickness is generally less than 100 nm. This makes more difficult to study all characteristics of the coating. Thin layers deposited onto bulk substrates are generally in tensile or compressive stress state, which may significantly affect physical properties and possibly compromise their lifetime. To determine the residual stress it is mandatory to know the elastic constants that may also depend on the microstructure of the layers and thus the deposition process. In this work, 2D X-ray diffraction (XRD2) in combination with in situ tensile testing has been applied for the first time to measure elastic properties of TiO2 anatase films obtained by ALD. The deposition of TiO2 films is currently obtained by ALD through many precursors. The employment of this technique is very attractive in all the applications where high uniformity of the thickness and high density are requested. Titanium tetrachloride (TiCl4) in association with water was widely employed, but the corrosive nature of the reaction by HCl product is considered a drawback. Other precursors, like titanium isopropoxide of the alkoxide group (Ti(OCH(CH3)2)4) or tetrakis dimethylamido titanium (TDMAT) (Ti(N(CH3)2)4) of the metal amide group were tested. TDMAT presents a high reactivity with water also at low temperature and also a higher growth per cycle (GPC) with respect to the isopropoxide. ALD process using TDMAT and water as precursors enables to obtain TiO2 films with excellent uniformity and sub-nanometric control on thickness. Even if a large number of papers have been devoted to the synthesis and functional properties of films deposited by means of ALD, mechanical properties have not been properly investigated. X-ray diffraction (XRD) is a well-known non-destructive technique currently used to determine the level of residual stresses in crystalline phases wherein the atomic planes are used as strain gauges: if elastic constants of the material are known or have been experimentally determined, residual stresses can then be calculated in the hypothesis of elastic regime. XRD shows several advantages: it is phase selective, non-destructive, and allows determining both residual stress and microstructure of the diffracting phases. Because of the elastic constants of thin films may be different from those of corresponding bulk material, it is fundamental to experimentally determine these (mainly the macroscopic Young modulus E) for correctly characterizing the materials. To reach this goal, in situ X-ray stress/strain analysis methods have been developed and applied extensively in the last decade: combining an X-ray diffractometer with a tensile tester, it is possible to determine X-ray elastic constants (in particular the Poisson ratio and the Young modulus) of each diffracting phase in a thin film/substrate system."
}