{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Energy-Dispersive Spectroscopy (EDS)",
    "Wavelength-Dispersive Spectroscopy (WDS)",
    "Ellipsometry",
    "Optical Spectrophotometry",
    "Profilometry",
    "Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM)",
    "Atomic Force Microscopy (AFM)",
    "X-ray Fluorescence (XRF)",
    "X-ray Reflectivity (XRR)",
    "Rutherford Backscattering (RBS)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)"
  ],
  "evidence": "The mass thickness of thin titanium oxide and hafnium oxide films grown by the atomic layer deposition method on silicon substrates was determined using EPMA data and STRATA and FLA programs. The results of the two programs coincided well if a set of relative intensities was measured at different energies of probe electrons. Comparative measurements by XRF gave higher values. Comparing the mass thicknesses of films measured by EPMA and absolute thicknesses determined by optical spectrophotometry, ellipsometry and profilometry, the densities of polycrystalline films were estimated. Values of 3.3±0.2 and 8.7±0.2 g cm−3 were obtained for TiO2 anatase grown at 300°C and monoclinic HfO2 grown at 600°C, respectively. Titanium oxide films deposited at 100°C contained significant amounts of chlorine and hydroxyl groups (7.2±0.7 and 6.9±0.9 mass-%, respectively). Thin metal oxide films have been intensively studied because programs are now available in commercial versions, e.g., STRATA and LAYERF, based on the PAP model, from they have many applications based on high chemical stability and on some other specific properties of the materials. SAM-x and Cameca, respectively, and TFA /MLA and FLA from Techan and Noran, respectively. Titanium oxide1,2 and hafnium oxide3–5 are known as materials that form thin films of different crystalline modifications. The Although one can find many papers concerning the quantitative microanalysis of stratified samples, 13–20 there are only a oxides, especially hafnium dioxide, are hard and have good transparency over a broad range of the optical spectrum. For few papers available about the experimental check-up of the models, especially if the mean atomic number of film and that this reason, the films have often been used in optical coatings. Hafnium dioxide (HfO 2) has excellent dielectric properties of substrate di V considerably. On the other hand, it must be pointed out that the method gives the mass thickness of the and could be used in micro- and optoelectronics. Titanium dioxide (TiO2) has also been applied in thin film gas sensors. 6 film. To obtain the absolute thickness of the film additional information is needed to determine the real density of the Most of the applications require precise control of film composition and thickness. Often the thickness of the films films deposited must be measured at different points of the substrate in order to obtain information about the thickness profile. and FLA programs to determine the thicknesses of oxide films on the basis of EPMA data. TiO2 and HfO2 films with different Many non-destructive methods are known for post-growth determination of thin film thickness, e.g., profilometry, trans- mean atomic numbers were used as test samples. In addition to EPMA, some other methods for thickness measurements mission or reflection spectrophotometry, ellipsometry and Rutherford backscattering. Some optical methods can also be were applied in order to obtain information about the density of films and the accuracy of the calculation routines used. applied for on-line monitoring of thin film growth process. 7 However, all the methods mentioned above have some limitations and alternative methods are therefore still of interest. To determine the film composition and mass thickness simultaneously and locally, one can also use EPMA data which have to be processed with special thin film characterization programs. These programs are based on a more or less realistic description of the in-depth ionization distribution function, W (rz). The concept of the function was introduced by Castaing8 in his pioneering work. Different models to describe the function were proposed by Bishop 9 (square model ), Love and Scott10 (quadratic and quadrilateral models), Packwood and Brown11 (modified surface-centered Gaussian model, the MSG model ) and Pouchou and Pichoir (parabolic model of Pouchou and Pichoir, the PAP model ). 12 The MSG model was further developed by Bastin and Heijligers (PROZA model ).13 Early attempts to use the function in the determination of the film thickness are discussed by Pouchou. 14 The thickness gradients. Special samples were prepared for profilometry measurements. Gold stripes of 100 mm width and 75 nm thickness were thermally evaporated on the Si substrates through a metal mask. Further, the oxide film was grown by ALD on this structure. Finally, using an ultrasonic lift-off procedure, gold stripes together with the oxide deposited on them were removed. In this way, a bare substrate surface was opened in the places which were initially covered by gold while the oxide layer remained on the substrate between the gold stripes. Optical thickness measurements were performed with a Specord M40 spectrophotometer (Carl Zeiss, Jena, Germany) working in the reflection mode. A diaphragm with a 4 mm diameter aperture and integrating sphere coated with BaSO 4 were used in these measurements. The thicknesses of some thinner films (less than 250 nm) were also determined with an Auto EL-III ellipsometer (Rudolph Research, Flanders, NJ, USA) working at a wavelength of 632.8 nm. EPMA measurements for thin film composition and thickness determinations were carried out on the JSM-840A and JSM-35CF electron probe microanalyzers (JEOL, Tokyo, Japan) equipped with two wavelength-dispersive spectrometers (WDS) and with one energy-dispersive spectrometer (EDS). The content of oxygen was measured using WDS and that of other elements using EDS. Pure metal standards were used to quantify the amount of Ti and Hf in the films. The silicon signal generated in the substrate and emerging through the film was compared with that of single crystal silicon standard. In addition, conductive ZnO and as-cleaved NaCl single crystal mass standards were used for oxygen and chlorine determination, respectively. The K a lines were used for titanium, chlorine, oxygen and silicon analysis and the L a line was used for the determination of hafnium. The measuring procedure included slow (100 mmm i n−1) scanning of the sample under a fixed electron probe. The latter was defocused to a spot size of only approximately 10 mm and the sample was scanned about 200 mm in each measurement. The signal was collected during a pure count time of 100 s per measurement and the results of four repeated measurements were averaged. This procedure reduces the primary electron irradiation dose density on the sample and therefore minimizes the possible modification of the film material by electron beam irradiation. For thin film thickness and composition determinations, both the FLA and STRATA programs were used. The former was run on-line on the Voyager II EDS system, which is based on the earlier TFA/MLA program.17 The STRATA is an off-line program and was described by Pouchou and Pichoir. 15,20 A choice of the full ZAF matrix correction procedures is incorporated into both programs used. We used PROZA and PAP schemes for the FLA and STRATA programs, respectively. In addition, the latter program has an option of continuum fluorescence correction, which allowed us to check the influence of this factor on the determined values of mass thickness. Both the X-ray radiation emitted from the film and that emitted from the substrate were independently used in order to determine the film thicknesses. The TiO2 film thicknesses were also determined from X-ray fluorescence data obtained with a PW 1480 WDS X-ray spectrometer (Philips, Eindhoven, The Netherlands) using Cr K a and an aluminum diaphragm with a 6 mm diameter aperture placed directly on the samples. A special program package, UNIQUANT 2.5 supplied by Omega Data Systems ( Veldhoven, The Netherlands), was used for the film thickness determination. The program is based on fundamental parameters and experimentally determined instrumental sensitivity factors. 23 In the calculations the DJ Kappa Model was used. 24 This uses known instrumental sensitivity factors and count rates for the analytical lines, sample area and effective mass absorption coefficients which are calculated from fundamental parameters. The program also calculates the matrix corrections for the absorption and secondary fluorescence. It can determine the composition and mass thickness of the film. The mass thickness of the films was calculated using the STRATA program. The thickness of the film can be derived from the mass thickness when the material density is known. However, because of the polycrystalline and/or amorphous nature of the films, their density is usually significantly different from that of single crystal material. The thickness values calculated from the mass thicknesses and densities of corresponding single crystals are also shown. The thickness values determined by XRF (relative error ∏3% as derived from k ratios) are also shown. In these measurements we used the UNIQUANT program and assumed that the film composition corresponds to titania. The method, like that based on the EMPA measurements, gives the mass thickness. For the data depicted in Fig. 3 we used density value of anatase single crystal. The reason why these XRF data are higher than the EPMA data is related to the inaccurate determination of the active area of the additional diaphragm we used for localization of the measurement position on the sample. This indicates that the real densities of the films should be lower than the values used in calculations. Investigation of the films by SEM and atomic force microscopy showed that the surfaces were relatively rough and the films contained crystallites of different sizes. In addition, pores were clearly seen between the crystallites. The latter explains well the phenomenon. In order to increase the reliability of the density determination, we also measured the thickness of an HfO 2 film with a profilometer and determined the mass thickness of the film by EMPA near the profilometer trace. The density was derived by division of the mass thickness by the absolute thickness determined with proﬁlometer. The sample used in this study had HfO2 stripes on a silicon substrate. The film was deposited under the same growth conditions as the set of films for which the EPMA results are presented in Fig. 3. This gave us the possibility of comparing film density values obtained with two different methods. The results are given in Table 1. The mean density value of 8.7 ±0.3 g cm−3 measured at four points on the sample fits very well with the value derived from the comparison of EPMA and optical thickness measurements. The results of density measurements for a profiled titanium oxide film grown at 150 °C are also presented in Table 1. In this case we have no comparative results. As the conditions for ALD-type growth were not fulfilled in this case, the film had thickness and composition gradients. Therefore, it was of special interest to study the thickness and density profiles. As can be seen from Table 1, the determined density correlates with the chlorine content in the film, as expected."
}<|im_end|>