{
  "characterization_methods": [
    "Grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD)",
    "X-ray reﬂectance (XRR)",
    "Atomic forcemicroscope (AFM)",
    "Time-of-ﬂight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOF-ERDA)",
    "Capacitance–voltage (C–V) curves",
    "Equivalent oxide thickness (CET)",
    "Leakage current density",
    "Transmission electron microscopy (TEM)",
    "X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS)",
    "Hall Effect",
    "Four-point probe",
    "C-V measurement"
  ],
  "evidence": "The ﬁlm crystallinity and thickness were evaluated by grazing incidence X-ray diffraction (GIXRD) and X-ray reﬂectance (XRR) measurements using a Bruker D8 Advance X-ray diﬀractometer. The roughness was estimated either by XRR or ThermoMicroscopes CP Research atomic forcemicroscope (AFM). The composition was measured by time-of-ﬂight elastic recoil detection analysis (TOF-ERDA). Dielectric properties of Hg/metal-oxide/p-Si/Al or Al/metal-oxide/p-Si/Al capacitors were studied at room temperature. Capacitance–voltage (C–V) curves were measured using a HP 4284A precision LCR meter. Equivalent oxide thickness (CET) was extracted from accumulation capacitance. The ac signal level was either 0.05 or 0.005 V. The current–voltage curves were recorded with a Keithley 2400 source meter in the stairsweep voltage mode, Al or Hg biased negatively in relation to Si. TEM results revealed that the ﬁlms were homogeneous and amorphous. The permittivity, eeﬀ, equivalent oxide thickness, CET, flat-band voltage, VFB, flat-band voltage shift, DVFB, density of interface states, Dit, and density of rechargeable states, Not, of Hg/Zr–Al–O/Si structures of variable oxide thickness, d, and composition expressed by Zr:Al pulsing ratio. The ﬁlms demonstrated hysteresis-free C–V curves with clear accumulation and quite a low dissipation in the accumulation region. Thickness d (XRR data), roughness r (XRR data), density q (XRR data), permittivity eeﬀ, leakage current density J, and equivalent oxide thicknesses in accumulation, CETacc, of as-deposited Zr–Al–O ﬁlms. The ﬁlms were homogeneous and amorphous even in the case of 3:1 Zr:Al pulsing ratio. Some nucleation and appearance of crystallinity was observed after rapid thermal annealing at 900/C176C and an interfacial layer of /C241 nm thickness became more apparent. TEM images of a Zr–Al–O ﬁlm with pulsing ratio 3:1 as-deposited on Si(100) at 300/C176C (a), and rapid thermal annealed at 900/C176C for 60 s (b). Thickness d (XRR data), roughness r (XRR data), density q (XRR data), permittivity eeﬀ, leakage current density J, and equivalent oxide thicknesses in accumulation, CETacc, of as-deposited Zr–Al–O ﬁlms. CETacc (/C01V) was measured at 100 kHz at bias voltage Vg¼/C01V; and CETacc (VFB /C01V) was measured at 500 kHz at Vg¼ VFB /C01 V. J was measured at Vg¼ VFB /C01 V after 0.2 s in current–time dependence curve."
}<|im_end|>